Tim Sackton: So.
David S. Kong: And begin.
Tim Sackton: On Vindisharna as the sun rises after you returned late last night, via Teleport, following a long.
Tim Sackton: a medium, enlightening conversation with an ogre, who believed that Kenza was a magic rock
Tim Sackton: and a shorter but more informative conversation with disaffected stone giant.
Tim Sackton: You now find yourself preparing on the deck of Vindisharna.
Tim Sackton: about 30 miles away from the
Tim Sackton: Thunder Crown, the Riftstone Gorge and the Hanging Tower.
Tim Sackton: anchored by bridges of lightning to 2 mountains from which the massive, chelike, powered death ray vaporizes anybody who comes close.
David S. Kong: Fuck. I forgot about all this shit.
Tim Sackton: You learned from talking to Bruner, the stone Giants? That Drukmir, Ruthmere, Skybreaker.
Tim Sackton: king of the Giants in this region, is a
Tim Sackton: chelite, obsessed creature who has modified himself
Tim Sackton: and the land around him powered by the Chelite, he.
Tim Sackton: his ogre servants, mine from a giant pit mine beneath the tower.
David S. Kong: Right.
Tim Sackton: Now it is said he can grow to be 70 feet tall and destroy people with his
Tim Sackton: club of crystalline shay light, and you are. Gonna go.
Tim Sackton: kill him, neutralize him, convince him not to be quite so evil and authoritarian.
Mike: Now I think we're going to kill him.
Tim Sackton: You have arrived here with 2 of the servants of the magistrates, Octavia and Tussis, of
Tim Sackton: middle-aged woman in her early fifties.
Tim Sackton: From speaking to her on the journey. You hear she served as a
Tim Sackton: bodyguard and military tutor for the magistrates when he was growing up.
Tim Sackton: and she has come, because should you succeed in somehow dislodging the
Tim Sackton: 70 foot tall giant and his massive tree like she isn't prepared to
Tim Sackton: Take to go to the nearby city of Argento, take control of the legions there.
Tim Sackton: and march them to claim the Chalite mine for the magistrates, which is, after all, the reason you're here. In the 1st place.
Tim Sackton: you've also traveled with Tristan Brighteyes, a young windcaller, who reports to Tiberius
Tim Sackton: excited about the idea of being part of this mission, and your
Tim Sackton: craziness, ability to tackle things that seem like they would kill ordinary folk.
Tim Sackton: However, you'd like to put it, he is impressed with you.
Tim Sackton: but he is here also, because he has
Tim Sackton: spells to magically communicate back with the magistrates, report the
Tim Sackton: events as they happen, and so, as you gather on the deck of Vindisharna, looking out across the
Tim Sackton: dry windswept foothills of the Chattan mountains, preparing with Seeker and some Rackham seeker, 3 standing together
Tim Sackton: ready to teleport, arguing over who is gonna cast teleport seeker, of course.
Tim Sackton: never having failed to teleport anybody anywhere
Tim Sackton: except in the Feywild. But that doesn't count.
Mike: Fair enough, according to the top of the to the entrance.
Tim Sackton: Plan at the end of last session was to tell you, scryed the entrance to the tower Ramen.
Tim Sackton: where there were 2 giants, 2 sort of bold looking giants watching, keeping guard, and
Tim Sackton: a giant pillar of lightning running through the middle of the tower, and then steps down.
Tim Sackton: So, your plan having scryed that was to teleport there and then figure it out.
David S. Kong: Wait. So
David S. Kong: okay, so there's the tower with lightning death rate thing, and we're gonna destroy that 1st and then
David S. Kong: draw the giant out of. Where do we ideally want to fight the giant?
David S. Kong: Hey?
David S. Kong: Thank you.
David S. Kong: Not in its underground layer. Right? It's gonna get all layer bonuses and shit. You know. We want to like dry it out right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: Probably.
Mike: I was envisioning we would be flying, and it's 70 feet tall, so its feet would be in the bottom of its layer, and we would be buzzing around its head, trying to kill it
Mike: like a sort of yeah, like, sort of a, you know. Agree World war. 2 warplanes against
Mike: Godzilla Hong Kong, King Kong. Right? Okay.
David S. Kong: So we're like, we're we're we've we've been.
Mike: Well, we haven't yet, but I think we're good.
David S. Kong: No, no, I'm just playing out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we teleport inside the tower. We kill the Mages, we destroy the death ray.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We fight the guy we have like a 10 min window till he climbs out to kill us.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that was what Bruner told you. Is that.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: Whenever he emerges from the ground there's rumbling and thunder for a long time before.
Mike: Right, but but we'll cast prayer of healing.
Tim Sackton: To dealt with. We'll cast prayer of healing to give us a short rest in 10 min, so we can get all of our stuff back on short rest.
David S. Kong: Great.
David S. Kong: How do we destroy the death ray?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I? Somebody.
Mike: Told us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's going to be like a self.
Mike: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Switch. Don't use like a lever like only flip in case of emergency.
Mike: Didn't the giant tell us something about.
Tim Sackton: The giants said, well, you know that it's powered by.
Tim Sackton: It's partly powered by imprisoned giants, and it drains their energy.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: The the giant also said.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure you can fit. You know.
Tim Sackton: Anybody with some basic Arcane knowledge can probably figure it out.
Mike: I think this. The idea is, we put Seeker and the death ray in a room, together
Mike: with 10 min or so, and
Mike: either seeker will figure out how to kill everybody with the death ray, and bad things will happen, or he'll figure out how to destroy it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And session would say, he suggested, disabling the tower's energy flow to neutralize its weaponry. So it looks like if there's some way to just unplug it.
Tim Sackton: Could destroy the lightning, the tower might fall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Be perfect. It's right over the pit right.
Tim Sackton: Not sure how much falling. Nobody really cares about things falling at this.
Tim Sackton: Henzo can just jump out whatever.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, well, we're gonna we're gonna fly and stuff. So that'll be fine. Okay, great. So
David S. Kong: alright. So I guess we'll kind of figure out how to destroy the death ray. Once we're there.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a secret, brother.
David S. Kong: Bringing Vinder Sharna into combat and leveraging its ice turrets and all that type of stuff to like.
Tim Sackton: The discussion last time was until the death ray is destroyed.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And Sharna within 20 miles.
Tim Sackton: because the giant last time told you that somebody there was a giant. There was another giant who tried to flee.
Tim Sackton: and he was vaporized from like 10 miles away.
David S. Kong: Right? Right? Oh, yeah. So that's why it's 10 miles. Oh, so it's not going to be able to get back fast enough, even if we destroy the death ray it won't be able to get close enough to help us.
David S. Kong: or can it.
Tim Sackton: No, it can't move that fast. I mean it will take.
Tim Sackton: It moves 10 miles an hour, so.
David S. Kong: What about with warp, speed.
Mike: We forgot to install that.
Tim Sackton: You haven't installed warp speed yet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Man.
David S. Kong: Shouldn't avengers China have, like, you know, like full on Star Wars or.
Mike: It. It should have like a yeah, a better propulsion system.
David S. Kong: A little rip in the space time continuum opens up, and then it flies through it, and then it jumps forward. 10 miles, you know.
Tim Sackton: But even though I mean.
Tim Sackton: are you sure you want to bring Vintar Sharna into combat against a 70 foot? Tall stone giant.
David S. Kong: I don't know. We're just in here.
Mike: Ice turret. Doesn't the turret have a range of 300 feet.
David S. Kong: That's what I'm saying. It's got like a big ass. It's got a giant ice scouting gun like, why do we have that thing? If we're not going to use it to like, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would would we be able to convince
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): anybody to like man Vinrusharna, in combat with a 70 foot giant.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like that. That may be difficult.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Baxter can only do so much.
David S. Kong: All right. Fine. So we kill the giant without a thing. What else do we need to do to kill the giant? What order? What do we need to like? Optimize our chances here.
David S. Kong: Tim, you're you're saying Kenzo's got strength and strength, and charisma saves. Now, yep, or like he got advantage.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Like, I mean, Kenzel's just gonna punch it a lot. But like, what? What else is everybody else doing? What are the other things we can do to like. Make it, you know, make this more likely we win.
David S. Kong: Can we like.
David S. Kong: Can we, like, you know, scare it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, I can blind with shots.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a DC 19 deck, save so it may be easy for it. But.
Mike: It might not be that good at decks honestly.
David S. Kong: So here's the thing. If we're being smart.
David S. Kong: What if? What if what if Kenzo does a little reconnaissance invisible, some combination of something
David S. Kong: to sneak in. And
David S. Kong: because nobody knows we're here right? We're just like we have time. It's not like we're like, you know, there's like some ticking clock. What if Kenzo does a little? A little soul site reconnaissance just to like? Figure out what we're
David S. Kong: what we're up against as opposed to just deciding on the fly.
David S. Kong: Do we care that much, or do we just like make it up, and we go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like Welb's perspective on is like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that would be super useful, but, like the the risk lick.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it would be catastrophic. It would be totally catastrophic
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to be found out like, even if the odds of being found out are really low, like the consequences would be.
Tim Sackton: What if the what if the giant abomination has true sight, and just sees you? And then Kenzo immediately dies in one-to-one combat with a 70 foot tall, giant.
David S. Kong: Or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Immediately defeats the 70 foot tall giants.
David S. Kong: And ascends to giant lore and becomes king of the giants. Do you think about that, too.
David S. Kong: Kenzo, King of the Giants.
Tim Sackton: But remember, the whole point is, you really can't face the giant without
Tim Sackton: disabling the death ray first.st Otherwise you'll just be vaporized by the death ray.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Burying the giant like, can we put a mountain on top of him, or like, what about making it a future problem?
David S. Kong: That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Like, we last session, we're so creative, you know. We like we like managed to like, solve the whole thing without actually getting into like a fight, you know. Is there another, you know? Can we? Can we? Can we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about like drowning the giant? Could we fill the valley with water?
Mike: I don't know why. You're also against the plan of punching and stabbing it today.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It just worked for the last 17 levels.
Mike: I've seen.
Tim Sackton: Might be overthinking this, a Tad.
David S. Kong: All right, all right. Let's just punch and stab it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's rush into danger without a plan, like we do.
David S. Kong: No, but I like this, you know, drowning it. That's cool, suffocating. What if we could like oh, what if we could put him in the mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That would be amazing.
Tim Sackton: So risky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The mirror is the ultimate future problem. Creator.
Mike: It's not really that risky. It's just not that likely he's gonna fail. A safe.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: No, but there's no chance. He couldn't smash the mirror with like one of his pinkies.
Mike: I guess it's kind of funny to like the mirrors like the size of one of his eyes.
Tim Sackton: The mirror is like this big compared.
Mike: You're like? Does he even like? Can he even see his reflection? Does it even work on him.
David S. Kong: Yeah! Alright! Alright!
Tim Sackton: Someone have to fly it up right towards his eye, and it would be like a fly. He just swat it.
David S. Kong: Just thinking about the elaborate trap we could set up. But all right, fine. Let's just punch and stab. Let's go. We punch we stab.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So 1st question.
Tim Sackton: are you doing anything before? Are you casting any spells doing any preparation before you attempt to teleport.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we get inspiration ahead of time? Or is that something that has to be a reaction in the moment.
Tim Sackton: No, it can be passed around at last
Tim Sackton: hour. Oh, seeker, seeker 3 is gonna use up his inspiration first, st
Tim Sackton: because he can also give it to seeker.
Tim Sackton: So he's got 5. So he's gonna use 1, 2, 3, 4 of his inspiration.
Mike: Also, everybody has heroic inspiration. Don't forget.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: So everybody except Seeker 3 has one inspiration.
Mike: From Seeker 3. You mean.
Tim Sackton: Problem, seeker 3.
Mike: Okay. So thinker 3 is giving everybody a Bardic.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Anything else.
David S. Kong: Giant sprays he's got like the anti giant spray.
Mike: So for that.
David S. Kong: Seeker and seeker 3. Both also have heroic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We all have healing potions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we need to redistribute any of that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've got something on us.
Mike: Dallas has a regular potion of healing and a potion of healing greater.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've got it greater.
Mike: Plus a healing word. Item.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's all. Probably good enough.
Mike: Plus. We have all fair bit of endpoints.
Mike: Let's see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, we have a triceratops of wondrous power, figurine.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can be.
Mike: Ow.
isaac: Hi.
Tim Sackton: It's been the past 20 min trying to
Tim Sackton: figure out how they can avoid the boss fight. So they really need you to keep them moving forward.
isaac: And.
Mike: Wait! Hold on! We have a scroll of reverse gravity.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Really.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At the risk of asking the obvious, what does that do?
isaac: It reverses, it, reverses gravity.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I know. Ever.
Mike: I'm just wondering. Could we send the giant off into the off up to to the.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can read what the spell does.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where is that? I don't see that on.
Tim Sackton: Does. It does nothing at all to the giant. It's it only goes up a hundred feet high.
Tim Sackton: The giant would barely even notice.
Mike: Because it would, it would be 30 feet. The giant would just be hovering 30 feet above the ground.
David S. Kong: Tim Tim can Kenzo Astral being, and then, like, pass into the giant's intestines and like fight it from the inside of his stomach.
Tim Sackton: No, you can't end your turn inside another creature.
Mike: For whatever reason the scroll is on Della's sheet, not party treasure.
David S. Kong: What if there's like a cavern? What if it's like? What if I go to the empty spot where you know.
Tim Sackton: Guys, you're not even gonna get to the
Tim Sackton: I know. Let's just got this level.
Mike: Teleport time.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Seekers. Seeker 3 will cast teleport to save secret. Well, no secret seeker probably wants to cast teleport right.
isaac: What do you mean? Seeker? 3.
Tim Sackton: That's the similar and seeker.
isaac: Oh, that's okay. Yep, sure.
Mike: Sure.
Tim Sackton: You sound dubious.
isaac: I think simulacrum is a stupid spell.
isaac: I don't let my players cast that spell.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a fun spell.
isaac: No, it's not, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Does somebody want to roll?
Tim Sackton: One DA 100.
isaac: I have to get base.
Tim Sackton: And sign on to roll 20, because you're.
isaac: I will!
Tim Sackton: Whoever is not, Mike, you're not on the 20.
David S. Kong: 75.
Mike: I was just finding dice, but.
Tim Sackton: Is that good? That's good.
Mike: Good, high, is good.
Tim Sackton: That means you appear so. You're not doing any. You're just going straight. No prep.
David S. Kong: What the fuck we were. Just
David S. Kong: you keep asking us this, Tim.
David S. Kong: Kind of prepping.
Tim Sackton: No, no, not I just mean.
David S. Kong: 20 min talking about like the fuck.
Tim Sackton: 35.
David S. Kong: Actively discouraged us not to prep. And then we teleport in.
Tim Sackton: No way that a rep.
Tim Sackton: Exactly. That's exactly what we use.
David S. Kong: Awesome like ultimate Jedi mind, trick, shit.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: That was ridiculous. I feel gaslit. That was messed up.
isaac: You don't really prep is prep is not really.
isaac: I didn't realize scam.
Tim Sackton: I didn't realize quite how difficult teleporting to a place you'd only seen once before is
Tim Sackton: you need a role of 74 or higher.
David S. Kong: Damn no.
David S. Kong: Okay.
isaac: All good job rolling a 75, I guess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Continues his perfectly unbroken streak.
Tim Sackton: Speaker is really getting a big head about this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): False confidence.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you all appear within a 10 foot circle.
isaac: Hey, Dad? I can't see anything because I don't have seeker on my roll. 20, so I can't. I don't have vision.
Tim Sackton: Oh, there you are! I'm gonna I'm making you control.
isaac: Okay. Sure.
Mike: Wow! That's a really fancy roll. 20 map.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't see anything on roll 20.
Tim Sackton: I haven't put you out yet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bye!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that is.
Tim Sackton: Everybody there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's so. Fancy.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so there's a giant. Oh, here.
isaac: That's crazy.
Tim Sackton: There's a giant column of lightning
Tim Sackton: coursing through the center of the room.
isaac: Don't touch it.
Mike: Really.
isaac: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: On either side. There's like windows, platforms that open up.
Tim Sackton: and you can see 2 giants
Tim Sackton: kind of standing each one. They have their backs to you. They're looking out. They're looking out across the landscape. They're about 25 foot tall stone giants, not 20 foot tall, not particularly you know big representatives of the
Tim Sackton: of the species.
Tim Sackton: These these
Tim Sackton: stone stone walls here. They're like stone barriers that run all the way up to the ceiling and carved
Tim Sackton: on the far face, so like
Tim Sackton: just you can see a little bit like on this side of these pillars. It looks like. There's giant sort of statues of giants that are shaped and decorated, you know, filled with these veins of purple gemstones.
Tim Sackton: running through their body, presumably Chelite, and then on the other side of the Lightning Chamber, you can see stairs running down.
Mike: Don't wait. Where are the stones?
Tim Sackton: Where are the whats?
Mike: The stone giant I'm just trying to. They're not visible. So where is these plot like.
isaac: This guy, right?
Tim Sackton: That's a stone giant on this side and on like on here.
Mike: Supposed to be able to see a stone giant on the map.
isaac: Yeah, there's 1 up top.
Tim Sackton: This one right here.
Mike: I can't see that.
Mike: Oh, I see it! I'm scrolled funny!
Tim Sackton: It's a very. This is a giant size tower.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
Mike: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: And there's 1 in the bottom somewhere.
isaac: That one is kind of hidden in the shadows.
Tim Sackton: In the behind the
Tim Sackton: I mean the these big wall dirt. Block. There's also a you can see that there's a ladder leading up to the roof
Tim Sackton: right here.
Tim Sackton: And the
Tim Sackton: the other really obvious notable thing about this is, as soon as you teleport in. You can the like. Every 4 to 6 seconds the entire tower shakes with the boom of thunder erupting from this pillar of lightning. It's not just lightning. It's massive, loud
Tim Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: It shakes your entire body, and it is really distracting, giving you disadvantage on all
Tim Sackton: attack, roles and ability checks.
David S. Kong: The fuck.
David S. Kong: I'm sorry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're you're high level guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry.
Tim Sackton: There was a few challenges.
Tim Sackton: The booming thunder is really distracting. It rattles your teeth every 3 seconds.
Tim Sackton: giving you I mean, you can barely talk to each other. You've got seekers telepathy up at the moment. So
Tim Sackton: yeah, I'm actually putting out 2 copies of seeker, because one is going to be seeker 3.
isaac: Is there a secret, too, or.
Tim Sackton: There was a seeker, 2 at 1 point seeker, 2 sadly died.
isaac: That's unfortunate.
Tim Sackton: And as now you know no more.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you might. You have a probably, you know, a
Tim Sackton: little bit of time before somebody notices you. You don't know how long.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is this a surprise round, then.
Tim Sackton: Well, if you attack, I mean surprise. The way surprise works is, if you initiate combat when
Tim Sackton: the other party is unaware, you have
Tim Sackton: advantage on initiative, and they have disadvantage on initiative.
Tim Sackton: So if you want to just run and attack them, you've got your shot right now they're unaware of you, you would have advantage on initiative. They would have disadvantage on initiative.
isaac: Let's do that.
David S. Kong: We also shouldn't
David S. Kong: seeker like, do some arc arcana check, or something like that, to figure out how to destroy the the lightning thing?
Mike: Well, I think we have to kill the guardians first.st
David S. Kong: Alright fine! Let's go up.
Mike: And we probably want to
Mike: split up and have some of us go. Wow! Or we could just all go to the.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So I'm gonna give you.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Like a minute or 2 to make your plan. But then, cause I want to keep the session moving.
Tim Sackton: Once you've planned what you want to do you know. Look.
isaac: Their their art looks like they're melee guys. So if we fight one, the other one will come over to us. Probably.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, let's go to the let's charge the one at the north.
isaac: Yeah, let's just go fight this guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that I need someone in melee with him in order to get sneak attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll delay initiative. Yeah, Kenzo, you run.
David S. Kong: We'll be like.
Mike: Kanza will be where?
Mike: Well.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and roll initiative with.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: With advantage for everybody.
David S. Kong: Natural, 20.
Mike: 19.
Tim Sackton: Remember, shift your. You can shift things around with alert.
isaac: I got a 21.
Tim Sackton: Okay, sorry. Let me write down
David S. Kong: 30, 31.
Mike: 31, 1919, and somebody needs to roll for sneaker 2.
isaac: I can do it.
Mike: 2 secret roles.
isaac: The secret. 2 only got a 13.
Mike: Okay, so do you want to take advantage.
isaac: Yeah, with advantage.
Tim Sackton: You want to swap anything around.
Mike: Well, B. Do you want to
Mike: swap down to be where secret 2 is?
Mike: Now Kenza will be in melee when you.
Tim Sackton: I've chosen.
isaac: Because I got a 31.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But conceivably the second giant.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if they have more than a 13, could close with seeker before he could get away. Like I think it makes sense to swap with seeker just to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah. Position.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Further.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
Tim Sackton: So so Welby is going to be 13.
Mike: But don't we all get advantage on the 1st attack roll.
Mike: and we get advantage after your your attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, until my next turn. So in essentially.
Mike: Oh, so it doesn't matter if you go West, because.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Go.
Tim Sackton: So sorry you're keeping seeker. Prime is staying on 21
Tim Sackton: seeker 3 is on 19.
Mike: Dollar, Sunday.
Tim Sackton: Is on 19, and Welby's on 13.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Kenzo, you leap into action, catching the giants unawares as you rush forward.
David S. Kong: It's all safe and.
Tim Sackton: This giant is Cr. 7 Garnett on bad at Charisma.
David S. Kong: Great.
isaac: Bad.
Tim Sackton: Not immune to anything, or resistant to anything.
Mike: You just said Cr, 7 or 17.
isaac: 7.
Mike: Ow! That's like.
isaac: Calm down, bro.
David S. Kong: Kenzel will talk with his staff.
Tim Sackton: Well, you gotta move first.st There.
isaac: Okay? Well, seeker has 0 spells that force. Charisma saves. So.
Mike: Is that true.
isaac: Yeah, that's right. Well, I'm pretty sure. Yeah, literally, none.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo runs forward and.
David S. Kong: Holy Shit. I rolled 2 ones.
Tim Sackton: Swings his staff.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Well, that doesn't matter, because you have disadvantage on all your attacks. So.
David S. Kong: All right, all right. So let's second attack.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'm disadvantaged on all attacks. Huh? That's annoying.
David S. Kong: 23.
David S. Kong: Wow! I rolled 2 ones, and then 2 elevens.
Tim Sackton: That that the 1st blow goes wide as the giant turns and looks at you, who are.
Tim Sackton: as he starts to speak, brushes away your 1st attack, your second attack strikes him.
David S. Kong: Disrupting strike DC, 18 charisma.
Tim Sackton: That's a 17.
David S. Kong: So it fails.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike: Yep.
David S. Kong: All right. So he is disrupted.
Mike: What does that do? Stun.
David S. Kong: On a failed Sid. Until the start of your next turn. The target cannot make opportunity attacks in order the target makes an attack. Well, it must subtract one d. 4 from its roll.
Mike: Nice.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: And then I'll do a 3 more
Tim Sackton: Blurry.
David S. Kong: Flurry of blows yet. So let's see, with this all with disadvantage. Right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: 17, Miss.
Tim Sackton: 17, hits, just hits.
David S. Kong: Oh, hold on that. That's okay. Yeah. 17 perfect. So that does.
Tim Sackton: You didn't roll damage the 1st one, either.
David S. Kong: Right? So that Punch did 12. The 1st staff attack did 17.
David S. Kong: Alright. Second, flurry of blows attack?
David S. Kong: Okay. 20 hits. Okay, 20 hits perfect, and then that does another
David S. Kong: 12 damage, and then last flurry of blows.
David S. Kong: Shit 14 probably misses. Huh!
Tim Sackton: Not misses.
David S. Kong: Okay. Alright, that's it.
Tim Sackton: So as Kenzo rushes forward and
Tim Sackton: strikes several times, a couple blows, deflecting off the giant stone skin seeker is next.
isaac: Okay, I'm the I'm the one that's higher higher up. So I can. I can see him.
isaac: I'm gonna rune of psychic disruption, which is just roltham psychic lance. But you know whatever
isaac: at just a 4th Level on that guy.
isaac: So intelligence save
isaac: I can't check off spell slots because it's not my sheet. So you have to do that.
Tim Sackton: I got it! So that's 1, 1 4.th
isaac: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I just have a piece of paper. It's faster. That is a an in sorry an inch, save.
Tim Sackton: DC, that's an 18.
isaac: That fails. It's DC, 19.
isaac: So that's (111) 728-2626 psychic.
isaac: And whatever the spell does, it's like stunned or something.
Tim Sackton: Incapacit.
isaac: It's oh, that's good! That's that's pretty good incapacitated until start of my next turn.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
isaac: Okay. Sure.
Tim Sackton: So that, and seekers turn thicker.
Tim Sackton: Second seeker is going to not spend too many spell slots here.
Mike: Yeah, we don't. We don't need to burn spells against these guys yet.
Tim Sackton: Maybe just a I don't know. Catapult at 3rd Level
Tim Sackton: auto fails. Deck saves from incapacitation, I believe. So.
Tim Sackton: Seeker 3 picks up a rock and
Tim Sackton: hefts it up a little bit, and then it flies
Tim Sackton: straight towards actually secret. 3 is going to move a little bit 1st
Tim Sackton: flies straight towards the giant, smacking him on the head.
Tim Sackton: That's a level 3 doing 19 points of bludgeoning damage.
Tim Sackton: And then Darworth is up.
Mike: Okay, I'm going to run towards him.
Mike: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 sex.
Mike: Let's see. Yeah, okay, actually, does he look like he? What does his reach look like.
Tim Sackton: Probably at least 10 feet. I mean
Tim Sackton: he's 20 feet tall. His arms are.
Mike: Yeah, yeah. But 20 feet's probably safe.
Tim Sackton: 20 feet is probably safe. 15 feet is.
Mike: I'll stop 20 feet away, since I can't get to him.
Mike: Let's see. Hold on a second.
Mike: sorry, probably.
Mike: Better to get for you okay? And then I'll just blast.
Mike: What's the what is his? A/C. 17? You said.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Mike: Okay. So I have to roll a 5. Okay, one hits with.
Tim Sackton: Remember you have.
Mike: Yeah. And I'm going to dice.
Mike: That one missed. And what was 6 and a 1, 7. Yeah. Okay, 3 hits for maybe 16 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that brings up Welby.
Mike: Actually, you know what I'm gonna cast that I could cast it a second time.
Mike: Is that worth it? How many sorcery points does that cost.
Mike: Sorry. Let me just check what quick and spell 2 sorcery points. Yep.
Mike: it's easy to get back sorcery points on a short rest. Never mind. These guys aren't scary yet. I'll I won't do that. We'll be.
isaac: Yeah, I mean, this guy can't even like attack.
Tim Sackton: This guy is incapacitated.
isaac: Just kill him before he has 2 turns.
David S. Kong: Yep.
Mike: Well, that's why I was thinking of doing a second eldrich blast.
Mike: Okay, that's.
isaac: Fair.
Tim Sackton: So Dao West's blasts of force strike this incapacitated giant who's just standing there kind of
Tim Sackton: slack jawed, looking at you, totally confused.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Great. I will. Wait. Wait. So does that mean there's advantage on attacks against him? Does is that balancing out dis or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's.
Tim Sackton: Nope. Still disadvantage.
isaac: He just can't do.
Tim Sackton: It just means can't take actions or reactions. It has no other effect. I was wrong about the deck save throws. That's
Tim Sackton: that's paralyzed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna take steady aim at the other one and shoot it first.st
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: But steady aim won't give you sneak, attack.
Tim Sackton: You won't get sneak attack, because there's no allies there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh!
Mike: And you create.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like I called it. If you, that's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): go back to the other guy.
Mike: Yeah, cause you should have gone at that guy because we could have killed him. But that's okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but.
Tim Sackton: But this at least gives everybody advantage against this guy. For the next round.
Mike: But that's the guy who's super far away, who.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 42 against him.
Tim Sackton: But you don't get sneak attacks, though it's 11.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, fuck! You're right!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): great! And then I make my second attack with disadvantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are they wearing armor?
Mike: Wait! Are you attacked with your short sword or your arrow?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Arrow fuck! I hit the wrong thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me try that again.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah. Wayfar's bow maybe does more damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So this does get sneak, attack, damage.
Tim Sackton: How does it get sneak, attack? Damage? Oh, second attack! You have right? Because it's vax.
Mike: Doesn't that just cancel the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Get sneak attack, because there's an ally in melee with it.
Tim Sackton: Our guest.
Mike: No, against you. Go get the second.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Status.
Mike: But but vax is only the.
Tim Sackton: It's not the next attack. It's the next attack against the same target.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's not. I have 2 attacks now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): My attack lets me make 2 attacks with scout at 17.
Tim Sackton: Steady aim does steady aim give you advantage on all attacks, or just the next.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Steady aim only applies to the guy at the bottom.
Tim Sackton: So how advantage on the guy at the top.
Mike: I you don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Rolled with disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: But you can't get sneak attack. If you have disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: it doesn't matter if there's an ally. If you have disadvantage, you can never get sneak attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got it? Okay? Never mind. Then.
Tim Sackton: So 9. Damage
Tim Sackton: and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would have done that differently. That's funny.
Tim Sackton: Ends Bobby's turn. Everybody has advantage on this guy
Tim Sackton: until the start of Welby's next turn right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: And then it is his turn. He's going to look. He's gonna look at you, and he's going to stomp over this way towards the stairs, and he's going to yell, Hey! In, giant! Which Kenzo understands. Hey, boss, come up here.
Tim Sackton: Something's happening.
Tim Sackton: And then he's gonna run.
Tim Sackton: That's 2530, 35, 40, just go right there.
Tim Sackton: And actually, I think he will just dash. So 1, 2, 3,
Tim Sackton: running towards his ally that ends his turn.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is up.
David S. Kong: Should I just kill off? Try to kill off this woman? I'm that I'm already engaged with.
Mike: Yeah, although actually, you have advantage on the other guy, I can't get to the other guy.
David S. Kong: You are right.
Mike: Want to go fight the other guy.
David S. Kong: I can't see him on the map.
Mike: Intended from you behind the dashboard.
Mike: He's down over here somewhere.
David S. Kong: I've got a mood reward. That's not a movie.
Mike: Isn't it move like 40.
David S. Kong: 65.
Mike: Yeah. So you could definitely get to that guy. I don't know if that's the right call.
Mike: But if you kill this guy, I'm gonna be a little stuck, we'll be stuck.
Mike: I mean, you attack.
isaac: This guy doesn't get his next turn because he's incapacitated. So he's.
Mike: Don't have.
isaac: Throughout.
Tim Sackton: He does get his next turn.
Tim Sackton: it ends at the beginning of seeker's time.
isaac: Oh, that sucks.
Tim Sackton: Now get the video that way about this.
Mike: Way.
isaac: Oh, okay. He missed his turn already.
Mike: Go down to the left.
Mike: Yeah, until you see the guy.
David S. Kong: Hi, there!
David S. Kong: Oh, shit there! There he is. Okay. Great. Yeah. Cool.
Tim Sackton: Alright. I'll talk to you, Scott. Okay.
Mike: You don't have disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: No disadvantage. Straight rolls against him. Kenzo rushes forward to the second stone giant.
David S. Kong: Straight rules, no advantage, right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: All right. Here we go. First.st Attack 19 hits.
David S. Kong: That does 7 damage. But disrupting strikes so.
Tim Sackton: That's a 2.
David S. Kong: Disrupted.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Second staff at sac 26 hits, that does another 17 damage, 1st unarmed, strike.
David S. Kong: 15.
Tim Sackton: 15 misses.
David S. Kong: Second, unarmed strike.
David S. Kong: 18 hits. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: That does another 8 damage. Final iron armed. Strike
David S. Kong: 25 hits, and that does. 17.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo rushes forward, slams his fists and staff into the stone giant, who staggers back somewhat wounded.
Tim Sackton: and then seeker, rushes forward to.
isaac: I will, can I? I can. I?
isaac: I'm gonna step up a little bit. So I have like an uninterrupted
isaac: line. I guess I can do that myself. I've
isaac: I'm gonna move up to like here. And then 3rd Level catapult.
Tim Sackton: Okay, which which guy that guy? Okay.
isaac: This guy.
Tim Sackton: Deck, save that's a 12.
isaac: Fails, but I rolled 4 ones. So 12 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So another stone strikes this guy who staggers back slightly but does not care that badly. Secret 3 is gonna look over
Tim Sackton: kind of looking at seeker one. Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Maybe something a little stronger, and we'll use a 4th Level spell
Tim Sackton: to do exactly what seeker one did last time and run a sake of disruption. This guy.
Mike: Which guy.
isaac: The one who's not already.
Tim Sackton: That's 1.
isaac: Yeah. The.
Tim Sackton: And he fails. So that is, disruption is 76.
Tim Sackton: We're just copying each other right now.
Mike: Tell us, next.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with is next, that's 29 damage. And now now he is incapacitated, and Darwest is up.
Mike: Okay, daweth will use a bonus action quickened spell to cast font of moonlight.
Mike: Run up to this guy. 1st attack does hits and does hold on. Where's
Mike: what is my plus? It's plus
Mike: plus 5. Okay? So does 10.
Mike: 1422 damage.
Tim Sackton: Against this guy.
Mike: Against the guy in the door. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He falls over, stumbles and drops
Tim Sackton: still a giant pile of stone.
Mike: That was a lot of my move.
Mike: I can't really get to this guy.
Mike: Yeah, I was 3 move. I will go one to that direction, I guess, and stop.
Tim Sackton: That ends Wabi's turn or Dawa's turn. Wabi is up
Tim Sackton: as Darwyth strikes down the 1st of the stone giant guards.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will take steady aim and shoot at the second guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Now you will get sneaked back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, 43.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: He's looking pretty bad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I'll shoot him again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oops! Swift disadvantage, though this time.
Tim Sackton: Wait! Hold on.
isaac: Just great roll because of X.
Tim Sackton: I gotta look at what the You. You just get 2 attacks every single round.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's pretty good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not bad. Yep, and I can use sneak attack on both as long as they're against different targets.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I don't have disadvantage. Apparently.
Tim Sackton: But you can't. You don't actually have disadvantage because awesome, because Vax.
isaac: Yeah, that's what I just said.
Tim Sackton: But you don't do sneaker damage.
isaac: So in this is, it doesn't actually matter. But.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. So 11 for the second attack.
Tim Sackton: 11 damage, so that one drops.
Mike: It's a bonus action to take your second attack.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you can't steady aim, and
Tim Sackton: you can't steady aim. And
Tim Sackton: I just saw that it's not. You don't get 2 actions with the attack action. You have to spend a bonus action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got it.
Tim Sackton: But that's okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you need steady aim to cancel disadvantage. So you get sneaky.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Running.
isaac: This guy.
Tim Sackton: Yes, the boss, hey, boss, there's.
isaac: Oh, right, but he's not the boss. He's like a he's not that big.
Tim Sackton: Looks around sees.
Tim Sackton: The 2 giant guards dead and runs into the lightning
Tim Sackton: and grabs, reaches in and grabs something out of the lightning, some hunk of bubbling.
Tim Sackton: moving lightning, and then he's gonna dash
Tim Sackton: to there.
Mike: Good timing.
Mike: Tell me, can somebody tell me where he is?
Tim Sackton: And his term.
isaac: It's below the second, like. Wall thing, like he's all the way down here.
Mike: No, I can't. Oh, he's far away. Okay.
Tim Sackton: He has total. He has cover total cover from.
isaac: Everybody, yet none of us can see him.
isaac: He's he's all the way below the second wall.
Tim Sackton: And that ends his turn.
Tim Sackton: These are dead!
Tim Sackton: That brings us back to Kenzo
Tim Sackton: Henzo, I mean. You saw where he went, but at the moment he has total cover.
David S. Kong: Well, I'll head in that direction. So I'm gonna go south. Go down.
isaac: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: This body of the fallen stone giant is big enough that it's difficult to rain. But I think you still have enough moves. Yeah.
David S. Kong: I got enough mood.
Tim Sackton: You don't have enough move to get there.
David S. Kong: I know.
Tim Sackton: No, because you have to 20 feet of difficult terrain. It takes you 40 feet of movement to get.
isaac: Well, you can go around, and it's faster if you go.
Tim Sackton: 1, 2.
isaac: 510-15-2025. Then you're around the Giants, and only 25 feet.
Tim Sackton: 25 feet here! And then.
isaac: And then you have 40 feet left so you can get to. You can get to here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Where.
Tim Sackton: You can get. You can get to right here.
Mike: Hey, Kenzo! How close to him are you.
isaac: I mean, I'm actually not sure.
isaac: 2 squares lower than you are.
Tim Sackton: 2 squares lower than you are. Right there you can get.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: But like.
isaac: Yeah.
David S. Kong: I can still lens. Claw, claw him 15 feet away.
Tim Sackton: You can use that once per day. Are you sure you want to use that right now?
Mike: Yeah, it's saving.
David S. Kong: Shit.
Mike: Save it.
David S. Kong: Alright! Fine.
Tim Sackton: You can always bonus action. Dash.
Tim Sackton: If you spend the key, then you get your normal 2 attacks.
Mike: Yeah, do that?
David S. Kong: All right, I'll do that.
David S. Kong: I'll dash, get over here and then do 2 staff attacks. Oh, soul! Sight too!
Tim Sackton: He is. Cr 16.
David S. Kong: Rude.
Tim Sackton: Good at strength, not at charisma.
David S. Kong: Bad of charisma.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is he armored.
Tim Sackton: No, they're all just made of stone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
isaac: Permit of rocks.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: Advantage? Or is this.
Mike: Do
Mike: Does the booming give them disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Nope! They're immune to thunder.
David S. Kong: Then this is, do I have it? This is disadvantage, right? Our advantage.
Tim Sackton: They'll disadvantage.
David S. Kong: But that's don't 15. Probably misses. Huh!
Tim Sackton: That misses.
David S. Kong: Alright, and then Aha! 23.
Tim Sackton: 23 hits.
David S. Kong: Okay, that does 14 damage. And then DC, 18.
David S. Kong: Charisma.
Tim Sackton: That's an 11.
Tim Sackton: So.
David S. Kong: Is disrupted.
Tim Sackton: So far none of them have actually gotten to make an attack.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: Zoe.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Mike: Where are you?
David S. Kong: I am down around the court like so.
Mike: No, no, no, I know I can't see. I'm trying to figure out if I want a dimension door next to Kenzo. How many? Where are you?
isaac: About there.
Mike: About there. Okay?
Mike: So if I if I dimension toward 80 feet that way, I'd be close.
isaac: Probably I don't know. I can't see, either. I'm just.
Mike: Yeah. I'm asking Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'm I'm right here.
Mike: I can't see is 80 feet from me, close to you.
David S. Kong: I can't see you. You're blocked out.
Mike: Is, the.
David S. Kong: Here here, I'll tell you exactly where I am. So you know where the dead that the dead dry the dead giant
David S. Kong: that's the end of it shit, and what I don't know, man, strike, keep.
isaac: Can you see this line.
Mike: Can you see the Y.
Tim Sackton: He's a line.
David S. Kong: I cannot see that line. No.
isaac: The the orange one.
David S. Kong: Orange line. I see that you can't see that I see no orange lineup.
isaac: Okay.
Mike: Why can't you see the orange.
David S. Kong: Okay. Look, look.
isaac: I'll say exactly where I am, green line or.
David S. Kong: You don't see the dead giant. You don't see the other dead giant.
Mike: Up.
David S. Kong: No!
David S. Kong: I'm exactly 1020, 30, 40, you know.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, well done with and cancel. Attempt to communicate. Seeker. You're up.
isaac: Okay, should probably walk down.
isaac: How much movement do I have.
Tim Sackton: 30.
isaac: 30. Okay, I'm a normal person.
isaac: the 6 down to here. I still can't see it.
isaac: Hmm! That's tough, I guess.
Tim Sackton: Remember you all have inspiration. If you miss, if you miss it.
isaac: Does boss count as a name.
Tim Sackton: Nope!
isaac: Oh, chucks, you sure we sure. Okay, anyway. I guess I will.
isaac: I don't know if I have any useful actions, but I can just bardic inspiration. Somebody I don't know.
isaac: Yeah, everybody's already.
Tim Sackton: Inspired, right, now.
Mike: I don't already have.
isaac: Oh, really.
Mike: Yeah, we gave out inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Before you seeker 3 gave out bardic inspiration to everybody.
isaac: Cool, cool, cool.
isaac: What is this? What is this
isaac: glove do? Does this glove do anything useful?
Mike: Lets you extend the range of stuff.
isaac: It's it looks too long for me to actually bother reading.
Tim Sackton: The main thing that you would use it for. Is it.
isaac: It has, like 6 abilities.
Tim Sackton: That. Yeah, it lets you.
isaac: Is 3.
Tim Sackton: It lets you. It's like 4 magic items combined into one.
isaac: It lets me extend spells, do something with elements.
Tim Sackton: Those are the only things that matter.
isaac: Okay, cool. I'm just gonna I don't know.
isaac: I guess I could like there any spells that don't like useful spells that don't require sight.
isaac: I don't. I don't think so.
isaac: I'll just like I don't know. Dashing towards him. Seems maybe a little dubious, considering I'm a bard, but
isaac: I guess I can like summon constructs.
Mike: Oh, yeah, you should summon, summon out, summon the ladder and send it into combat.
isaac: I don't know what that is, but also inquire.
isaac: So that's it.
Mike: Yeah hasn't, explained the ladder. You can't play seeker without.
Tim Sackton: That's the performance of creation.
Tim Sackton: What's the ladder?
Tim Sackton: Heroic ladder has been a constant companion to the party for.
isaac: Ok. I'll cast summon constructs.
Tim Sackton: For a year. But common summon construct is a more normal spell.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Which which construct.
Tim Sackton: Metal, stone, or clay.
isaac: What were they bad at? They were bad at charisma. Right? Not wisdom. Yeah. Yeah, let's just do
isaac: metal.
isaac: No, let's do. Clay clay seems probably the best.
isaac: and let's just do it a 4th Level.
isaac: How long does it last? Oh, no less than hour. 5th level, sure.
isaac: all right. So a 5th Level clay constructs.
isaac: That's my action, and it takes its turn at some point
isaac: shares my initiative count immediately after mine. Okay, so that's my turn. All I'm doing is summoning constructs.
Tim Sackton: But the construct goes immediately after you. So we can.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you, it can.
isaac: And then it's gonna let me just read the spell a little more carefully. Okay, yes, it's gonna
isaac: move forward.
isaac: The range is 90 feet, which implies that I can summon it like.
Mike: We then made it, yeah.
isaac: So I'll summon it like down here.
Tim Sackton: You see the construct? Yeah.
isaac: Yeah, I can see the I can see the construct. So yeah, I'll summon it like down here, and then it'll run 30 feet forward and bunk
isaac: the guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: Okay. So
isaac: this guy does he have this advantage? He's not immune to thunder. So I guess that would make sense.
Tim Sackton: Does he have? He doesn't have resistance if he has resistance or immunity to thunder damage.
Tim Sackton: No, how's not.
isaac: But he can't be frightened so. You know.
Tim Sackton: Anyway,
isaac: So 1st attack is a 17.
Tim Sackton: 17 misses.
isaac: Okay, second attack is, that's really bad. 16.
Tim Sackton: Not misses.
isaac: All right. That's his turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Secret 3 is going to run
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, right next to seeker, and then well.
Tim Sackton: seeker 3 will also summon a construct.
isaac: Yeah. Get him.
Tim Sackton: But.
isaac: One.
Tim Sackton: We're gonna do stone construct.
isaac: Cool, cool, cool.
Tim Sackton: At 4th Level, and then the stone construct is going to rush forward.
Mike: And is that what's what.
Tim Sackton: Deal with is next. Yep, make a slam.
Tim Sackton: that's a that's sorry I got a row of disadvantage there.
Tim Sackton: That was a natural 20. But let's gone to a
Tim Sackton: 2, so that doesn't do anything.
isaac: That's fun!
Tim Sackton: And then the next one misses 2
Tim Sackton: sad. The constructs are standing there, accomplishing nothing.
isaac: Well, mine is clay, so if he hits it, I get to try again.
Mike: There's 19 hit.
Mike: So deal with this dimension dooring 80 feet to right there.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So, standing right next to him and then stabbing.
Mike: Does an 18 does a 19 hit.
Tim Sackton: 19 hits.
David S. Kong: Who knows?
Mike: So that's
Mike: I should just be rolling on D and D beyond, because this is too much math. 1119 20,
Mike: for 27.
Tim Sackton: 27, damage.
Mike: Yeah, some of that's various. Do you care about damage types? It's a wide mix of damage types.
Tim Sackton: Nope, not resistant to anything.
Mike: A 4 to one.
isaac: But.
Mike: That's not going to hit.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike: 3rd attack.
Mike: 19 hits, right.
Tim Sackton: 19 hits. Yes.
Mike: That is 8 plus wow. That's really good damage. 1015, 2028.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: And that's my turn.
Tim Sackton: Belworth strikes on it. Welby is up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, I will move down and start shooting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's see, with disadvantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's 1 attack. Those should each be plus 1 17 misses.
Tim Sackton: 17 misses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here is a second attack.
Tim Sackton: Money, hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: But no sneak attack, because we've got disadvantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But now it's vexed.
Tim Sackton: That ends Bobby's turn as one arrow strikes it. And now it's going to look around like frustrated
Tim Sackton: yelling at you all waving. It's got this like staff that it's waving in its hand, and it's holding this
Tim Sackton: flaming crystal.
Tim Sackton: and it's going to reach over Delwa's head and stick the flaming crystal into the chest of the statue on the wall.
isaac: That sounds bad.
Mike: Yep.
isaac: I didn't even know there was a statue on the wall.
Tim Sackton: Gonna run.
David S. Kong: What?
isaac: Gonna run.
Tim Sackton: Is it going to disengage 1st or no?
isaac: Alright, guys, this is our chance.
Mike: It's it's running.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: All right, I will.
Mike: How? What do you think has a better.
isaac: I'm gonna I'm gonna roll for both of the golems. Dad.
Mike: Yeah, I'll just one attack with my sword. Eldest blast is probably better.
isaac: But one misses.
Tim Sackton: 7, 8.
isaac: One of the golems misses, I'll say the higher level one hits, though. Just you know.
isaac: the 21 hit. I'm assuming it does.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. 21 hits.
isaac: Okay, the other one was a 13. So.
Mike: On a single attack man. I wish probably Eldris blast is better.
Mike: So I'm gonna cast eldritch blast on it as it escapes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Since I can do that, so I get all 4 attacks.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Like.
Tim Sackton: It's still there.
isaac: It's 13 damage from from me, Dad.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Hit.
Tim Sackton: And 18 Misses Tenzo also gets an opportunity attack.
David S. Kong: I missed 13.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Oh, wait! Sorry, no, I did my math wrong. Does that a 20 does a 19 hit.
Tim Sackton: And 19 hits.
Tim Sackton: So a flurry of attacks I do that
Tim Sackton: as it activates this giant and then runs off.
Mike: It takes 15 damage from 2 eldest blasts.
Tim Sackton: A blast, an outrage! Blast hits it! But it's not even bloodied yet. As the
Tim Sackton: chelike giant steps out of the wall, seize, doeth.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy!
Tim Sackton: And well.
Mike: That has 200 hit points. I'm not really worried.
Tim Sackton: Reach across and.
isaac: Maybe you should be.
Tim Sackton: Make a constitution saving throw.
Mike: That's not very good.
isaac: Sounds like you should be worried. Huh?
Tim Sackton: You have inspiration.
Mike: Well, Barnik's not even probably not even worth it. I might. Heroic inspire.
Mike: Eight's not that much better.
isaac: Guys what's the best 8th level spell to cast with wish.
Tim Sackton: 2027, you take 27 points of force damage, as chelike crystals begin to spread across, dealt with chest, pushing.
isaac: Bad.
Tim Sackton: Straining, oh,
Tim Sackton: You into stone!
isaac: Of course, that's a little.
Mike: To make a I'm going to. Oh, no! I already used my reaction. I can't use it again.
isaac: Unfortunate was that a spell, perchance.
Tim Sackton: No.
isaac: Okay, well, that's too bad. I tried.
Tim Sackton: He's the J. Light zombies turn. Kenzo is up.
Tim Sackton: Darwyth is becoming encrusted by chelite. The boss is running.
David S. Kong: So wait is he is dealt with, blinded, deafened, paralyzed, or poisoned.
Tim Sackton: Nope, he's restrained.
David S. Kong: Can I do something about it?
isaac: Just ignore him. He'll be fine. Trust.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think you should go after the boss.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, go after the call.
isaac: You have a 6. Yeah, you go go chase the guy. You're fast.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll I'll engage him. He's not that far right.
isaac: No, he's not that far.
David S. Kong: All right. He is engaged.
David S. Kong: And I will do my things.
David S. Kong: Is this disadvantaging on Tim?
Tim Sackton: No disadvantage. As long as you're in the Tower you've got disadvantage unless you manage to shut off the thunder.
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: Alright. So let's see.
David S. Kong: 2020 hits. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 20 hits our staff, strike!
David S. Kong: 15 damage, and then disrupting strike!
David S. Kong: He's are they already? He's already disrupted right.
Tim Sackton: No! Because it ends at the beginning of your turn.
David S. Kong: So DC. Dcata.
Tim Sackton: So far he hasn't really made attack rolls or opportunity attacks, so you could consider shifting it up to something that might mess up his plan.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but I guess that's true.
David S. Kong: How about what's he strong in again?
Tim Sackton: He's good at strength.
Tim Sackton: He's bad at charisma.
David S. Kong: Right. I guess I could do. Should I try to? Should I try to frighten him?
David S. Kong: I'll do that frightening strike wisdom. DC. 18.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could also just try and stun him.
Mike: Yeah, you do. Stunning.
David S. Kong: All right. That's I mean, that's that's Con. Oh, okay. But he's all right. Let's try that dch.
Tim Sackton: Probably not bad at Con, but.
David S. Kong: Let's try it. Let's try it.
Tim Sackton: You never know you might get up.
Tim Sackton: What's the DC. 18.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That is a 16.
David S. Kong: Stunned.
Tim Sackton: He's stunned.
David S. Kong: Hell, yeah.
isaac: Ice.
David S. Kong: All right. So flurry of blows now, now that he's stunned, do I get not disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Not disadvantage. Straight roles.
David S. Kong: Perfect. 29 hits that does 8 damage. Second, flurry of blows.
David S. Kong: 14. That misses. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: And then last, natural 20 yay.
David S. Kong: that does hopefully more damage. Only 15.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo reaches out, hits this stone giant creature of some kind as he begins to flee
Tim Sackton: and stuns him in his tracks.
Tim Sackton: and that ends Kenza's turn seeker is up.
isaac: Okay?
isaac: So there's a there's, I mean, I'm I can just I don't really see this, I guess.
isaac: Can I see through like I can't like see through the construct's eyes.
Tim Sackton: No.
isaac: I can.
Tim Sackton: You're aware it's there.
isaac: I can. Yeah, no, I can see that. It's it's pretty big.
isaac: But this guy stuns. What does that do again? It's like, let me read it.
isaac: Stunned is incapacitated, and on it automatically fails. Strength and deck saves
isaac: and attack rolls against. You have advantage.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
isaac: That guy is probably gonna get jumped by like a bunch of other guys
isaac: like you guys, I mean, I feel like the rogue and the Me. And like people can
isaac: utilize that better than I can. So maybe I'll just like cast catapult again. Or
isaac: yeah, sure, I'll just. I'll just Second Level catapult
isaac: slowly downgrading in power our catapults.
isaac: How scared are we of the big rock, Guy? Should I catapult the stunned one for the free failsave? Or should I catapult the new guy?
isaac: So it's not like very effective.
isaac: Would I'm a stop.
isaac: I'm just gonna hit the hit. The new guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: That chat light zombie thing.
isaac: Yeah.
Mike: That's probably sensible.
isaac: It's not gonna do very much.
isaac: It's a second level spell.
Tim Sackton: That is a 15.
isaac: That fails. It's 18 damage.
Tim Sackton: That ends oh, and your construct.
isaac: Yes, it still has disadvantage.
isaac: It's I don't think it's gonna try and chase the other guy.
isaac: I guess it could. How far away, is he? No, he's too far away.
isaac: So yeah, he'll just make 2 attacks. 1st attack.
isaac: Would have been a crit, but he has disadvantaged, but it still hits.
isaac: So that's 11 damage.
isaac: And then second attack is 18. Is that a hit or a Miss.
Tim Sackton: 18 is a mess.
isaac: Okay.
Mike: Of which one is he attacking the.
isaac: The the schedule, anything, the zombie thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: okay. Secret 3.
Tim Sackton: wait. What did?
Tim Sackton: So you can use use 2 fourths. Okay?
isaac: I'm tracking seeker. One spell slots now. So.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: I have a sticky. I have a sticky note, so you can stop doing that.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Sneaker 3 is going to
Tim Sackton: past low.
Tim Sackton: It's secret.
isaac: That's a good idea.
Tim Sackton: Cast slow against.
Tim Sackton: Was it 60 or 9,120 feet against this guy?
isaac: Isn't it a 60 foot cube.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but no, it's a 40 foot cube.
isaac: Oh, that's less useful.
isaac: But hear me out this 40 foot cube. They're both technically in the space.
isaac: This, the 40, this 40 foot cube.
Tim Sackton: E.
isaac: Goes 40 feet like this across, and then 40 feet down a template and
isaac: 40 feet and then 40 feet.
isaac: They're technically in it.
Tim Sackton: Move it over.
isaac: Move it over 5 feet technically touches both of them. Look.
Tim Sackton: No, you have to be half in it. You can't just.
isaac: Oh, I didn't. Come on. Okay, that's fine. Yeah, yeah. Get the big guy.
Tim Sackton: Got the big guy.
isaac: Or get the other guy I mean, the big guy's already stunned.
Tim Sackton: He's getting the big guy.
isaac: Okay? Sure, it checks out.
Tim Sackton: Just to try and keep him.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So that's a wisdom fails the wisdom, save so he's stunned and slowed.
Tim Sackton: and that ends seekers. 3 turned. Oh, seekers! Three's construct is going to make his spam attacks.
Tim Sackton: That's a miss and a hit for 12 damage
Tim Sackton: on this guy, and then he will use.
Tim Sackton: Sorry that'll end his turn. Down with his. Up
Tim Sackton: you are slowly turning to stone.
Mike: So does. That. Is this like
Mike: a shell around, deal with, or just like growing from the inside out.
Tim Sackton: No growing from the inside out.
Mike: Right? Okay, so not much to do about it.
Mike: It's not magical, right?
isaac: It's okay. If you become fully petrified, I can cast a wish.
Mike: There you go flash to stone, I mean stone to flesh.
Mike: So I mean, it's not like something I could escape from.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not something you can escape from.
Mike: I'm just trusting that this isn't a you fail one save, and there's nothing you can do about it.
isaac: Well, so you fail 2 saves, and there's nothing you can do about it. I'm pretty sure
isaac: that's how petrified normally works.
Mike: Well, yes, however, normally you'd be incompat, anyway.
Tim Sackton: No, you're restrained.
Mike: Yeah, okay, so that doesn't actually in affect me. Right?
isaac: It gives you disadvantage on attack, rolls.
Tim Sackton: But you're out here.
Mike: Wait. I'm just gonna try and kill this guy. There's nothing else I can do.
isaac: You can't just stab him repeatedly.
Mike: 1st step? Does a 17 hit.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike: That's been bad. There's an 18 hit.
Mike: They're stab missiles.
Tim Sackton: Now we have.
isaac: Unfortunate.
Tim Sackton: Arms are moving. Now make another constitution saving. Throw.
isaac: I believe in you.
Mike: 3.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Inspiration.
isaac: That's not good now you should probably.
isaac: Now you why won't it help you?
Mike: Roll a 12. I get a 15.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have heroic inspiration.
Mike: Used it last time.
isaac: I mean, I guess I could use.
Mike: I could try.
isaac: No. 15 is probably gonna fail. I didn't know you used your heroic inspiration last time.
Mike: Mean. I sorry I got a 5. I rolled a 3. I got a 5.
Mike: I could roll at the 12.
isaac: I mean you probably should.
isaac: I probably won't do anything, but this is probably pretty bad. I can give you like we. I have plenty of bonus actions to go around like.
Mike: But you can't do 2 inspirations on the same thing. Can you.
isaac: You can do it. Well, yeah, but I mean, you might as well roll it like a 17 would theoretically succeed.
isaac: probably, or maybe not.
Mike: 6 I rolled a 1.
isaac: That's unfortunate.
Tim Sackton: That is unfortunate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll sort that out.
David S. Kong: Darwin.
Tim Sackton: Turns to stone.
David S. Kong: Oh!
isaac: Hmm.
David S. Kong: There!
isaac: Unfortunate that really sucks really sucks for you.
isaac: Well.
Tim Sackton: Stop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright!
isaac: Anyway.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm coming.
isaac: So it sounds like you should have been worried about that whole that whole
Mike: At F table.
isaac: That's awesome.
Mike: Set up a game where it's save or die. Then that's on him.
isaac: Wow!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You.
isaac: Crazy? Huh?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No disadvantage. This is just a straight roll.
Tim Sackton: Yes, because there's advantage.
isaac: Yeah, yeah, cause he's stunned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That should be 70.
isaac: Can the simulacrum? Can the simulacrum cast wish.
Tim Sackton: The simulrakum was created with a wish, so the simulacrum can't cast a wish.
isaac: Oh, that's how you feel!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a.
isaac: It.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Heroic inspiration on that.
Tim Sackton: I would use bar.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or a bardic? Is that just one d. 12.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's Wendy 12. But you're very close to hitting.
Tim Sackton: That hits 19.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yay, that's 49.
isaac: Hurrah! Bardic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Plus you do an extra one d. 12, you do an extra 2. 0, no, he doesn't take
Tim Sackton: He's looking pretty hurt at this point.
isaac: To be fair, though they still technically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Attack on him.
isaac: They still technically haven't done any damage to us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just 11.
Tim Sackton: Totally dealt with it.
isaac: Or did they just petrify him? Oh, no, they did. Yeah, they did damage first.st
Tim Sackton: That that ends will be his turn as 2 Arrows strike into this
Tim Sackton: creature who is now his turn. He's stunned and slowed so he moves he like stumbles like 10 feet down the stairs, and that.
isaac: For him.
Tim Sackton: The chalite zombie is going to. Now step this way and seek new prey.
isaac: Opportunity attacks from the constructs. Yippee.
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3.
isaac: That one hits, and then that one is a miss. So
isaac: I rolled for both constructs. Just by the way, that's going to be a total of 11 damage.
Tim Sackton: And then he will make 2 slam attacks against Seeker 3.
isaac: Well, it's okay. Seeker 3 is not a real person.
Tim Sackton: That's true. Those both hit.
Tim Sackton: Oh, awkward!
Tim Sackton: Takes 44 points of bludgeoning damage.
isaac: Does secret not have silvery barbs, because.
Mike: A good question.
isaac: Doesn't he know it's the best spell in D and d.
Tim Sackton: That leads seeker 3 pretty badly off.
isaac: Yeah. No, for sure.
Tim Sackton: And that brings Kenzo up.
David S. Kong: I'll keep intacting the dude I'm engaged with. Yeah.
isaac: You might as well just kill him.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he's clearly running down the stairs for some purpose.
David S. Kong: Alright, so I will engage him. Wait! Did I get an opportunity to talk against him when you're trying to run away from me?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you did.
David S. Kong: Okay, let me roll that.
Tim Sackton: No, no, that was a while ago.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Tim Sackton: You weren't in combat with him.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, yeah, yeah. You were.
isaac: No, yeah, yeah, that that. Yeah, he.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Great.
David S. Kong: 20.
David S. Kong: On the upper.
Tim Sackton: When he hits. Yeah.
David S. Kong: All right, so that did the opportunity attack was 12.
David S. Kong: He was stunned, too.
Tim Sackton: You can still move when you're stunned.
David S. Kong: All right, so I will now do my full barrage of attacks.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: All right for advantage or no, or sorry.
Tim Sackton: The straight rolls because it's done to get it.
isaac: Our word heal doesn't cure petrified, and it's a 9th level spell.
Tim Sackton: That's kind of disappointing.
isaac: Yeah, it doesn't do that. It only does. Charmed, frightened, paralyzed, poisoned, or stunned.
David S. Kong: 1st attack is a 17 damage stretch, is he? I'm.
Tim Sackton: You just need greater restoration. Don't you have a don't you have a
Tim Sackton: charm of greater restoration from your bastion?
isaac: Who are you talking to right now?
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, do your tax. Sorry I'm getting distracted here.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you're you're. I'm trying to do my tax. Tim.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: So yeah, this is my fault. I'm sorry.
David S. Kong: Is it a DC, I'm gonna try to stun him again.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Coupon.
Tim Sackton: That's an.
isaac: An alchemical tea, kettle.
David S. Kong: All right. So he makes a save.
Tim Sackton: Make the save that.
isaac: Whoa!
David S. Kong: Second attack, 20 hits.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: That does 8 damage 1st unarmed. Strike 15 misses right?
Tim Sackton: 15 misses! Yes.
David S. Kong: Second unarmed, strike 25 hits.
David S. Kong: That does 7 damage last unarmed, strike
David S. Kong: 27 hits, and that does 13 damage.
Tim Sackton: He's looking pretty bad off
Tim Sackton: that ends Kenza's turn seeker is up.
isaac: I didn't realize Seeker had so many spell scrolls. I didn't scroll far enough down in his inventory.
isaac: but none of them are useful.
isaac: Well, none of them are useful now.
isaac: I could pass Wall to make a make a hole through dealt with so we could walk through. Dealt with.
isaac: That would be kind of cool, anyway.
isaac: I'm gonna have the, you know. I'm gonna probably run away feet like straight up.
isaac: 4, 5, 6.
Tim Sackton: Moving out of his reach. So he's gonna take an opportunity attack against you.
isaac: Oh, I should have thought of that. That's okay. We'll all be fine.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
isaac: He's not going to do any damage. I stage fine.
Tim Sackton: No, he's not going to do any damage. Oh, sorry! I forgot.
Tim Sackton: seeker 3 loses concentration on. Oh, wait! No, he has warcast. He has advantage.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, he's okay.
isaac: Great. I'm glad.
Tim Sackton: That is 2030 points of bludgeoning damage to seeker one.
isaac: Okay, yeah, I can't do damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay. And then.
isaac: But I'll make a DC 15. Concentration save with advantage.
isaac: Advantage mattered. But I did succeed with an 18
isaac: could I try? Do we guys do we think that? Would it be like a free action to roll arcana to see if I could determine whether or not I could spell magic? This thing.
Tim Sackton: If that's did she.
isaac: Thing. Yeah, I mean, he put a rock like it was like.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Magic rock in its chest.
isaac: So can I roll arcana.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Go ahead.
isaac: And it's a creature or object I can see, so I have advantage right.
Tim Sackton: No, that's only if you're like wearing these goggles you have to like be examining things with your goggles.
isaac: Oh, well, there!
Tim Sackton: Do that in a combat situation.
isaac: Okay. Fine.
Tim Sackton: But secret has like a plus did it?
isaac: Only a plus 17 calm down
isaac: do I have advantage on ability checks, though, disadvantages on ability checks, though, right because of the thunder.
isaac: So that's a 21 only.
isaac: I only rolled a 4.
Tim Sackton: Yes, it is. Seems like it is magically animated. It's very likely you could dispel it.
isaac: But that probably take a kind of a high level spell slot.
isaac: I guess I can just roll well right
isaac: 3rd level to smell magic. No, I'm kidding.
isaac: no, yeah, I'm gonna do it.
isaac: Should I do? 3rd level? No, it doesn't help to cast in a higher level like, unless.
Tim Sackton: Only if.
isaac: Like 4th Level doesn't make dispelling. Casting it at 4th Level doesn't make dispelling a 6th Level effect easier.
isaac: I'm just going to cast the 3rd level. It'll be fine. I'm gonna roll. Well.
Mike: Isn't it? Arcana? No, it's your.
isaac: No, it's it's a it's a spell casting thing. It's like your spellcasting ability, modifier.
Mike: But 10 plus the right ability check using your spell packing ability. So you're.
isaac: So I just add 5.
Mike: Yeah.
isaac: But I'm going to have this advantage because it says, Make an ability check. It's not like A,
isaac: so it might be kind of risky.
isaac: I don't really want to cast it at like 7th level, though I don't think that's really worth it.
Tim Sackton: You have inspiration from secret. 3.
isaac: Oh, that's true. I'm gonna do it at 3rd level.
isaac: What's the DC. Of the of the thing I'm rolling?
isaac: And do I have heroic inspiration? Or have I used that? It doesn't say I have it on my character sheet? I do.
Tim Sackton: Have her back. Yeah.
Mike: Yes.
isaac: Guy.
Tim Sackton: So it's DC, 16.
isaac: All right.
isaac: Well, the width disadvantage was already an 18. So that's just good enough.
isaac: I roll 13 out of 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: So that's good enough. It's it's gone.
Tim Sackton: The lightning fades from its body, and it turns back to stone.
isaac: I'm so smart.
isaac: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Like, looks back at you like, gives you an air high. 5.
isaac: Great Great.
Tim Sackton: Can you get over there to do that one, too?
isaac: This guy can't. My constructor can't get to this guy.
isaac: I'm just gonna have him walk towards him, though. Might as well he can dash.
Tim Sackton: My constructs dashing to here.
Tim Sackton: Well, okay.
isaac: Just just so he can opportunity attack. If the guy runs away.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's not gonna be
Tim Sackton: stunned. We're counting on Welby killing him. That seems safe. Secret. 3. Thanks.
isaac: Yeah. Welby will probably kill him.
Tim Sackton: Because he can't get.
isaac: And if not, the clay construct is gonna kill him with the reaction opportunity, attack.
Tim Sackton: Same thing he's going to dash. Here. Stand on the top of the stairs, Wabi, you're up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hurrah! Is it still an even role, or is it back to disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Straight roll. It's still stunned until the beginning of its turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There is the 1st attack. It is.
isaac: Isn't it advantage? Because you have vex.
Tim Sackton: No, you can't.
Mike: Doesn't stack.
Mike: It doesn't stack free advantage.
isaac: It doesn't stack, even if they cancel, it doesn't stack, even if they cancel out.
Mike: Now.
isaac: That's easy kind of silly. I feel like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hold up. Let me finish my training. That's 80 points.
Tim Sackton: Robbie lines up the perfect shot and
Tim Sackton: launches it in between Kenzo and the clay. Well, it's this thing's 25 feet tall up at its head.
Tim Sackton: and as you strike at at
Tim Sackton: staggers, and then it falls down the steps.
isaac: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Ends in a pile.
Tim Sackton: would say that the quiet of the after battle descends, as you see. Look around and see. Go with
Tim Sackton: in a tough spot.
isaac: Fully petrified.
Tim Sackton: Fully packed.
isaac: But it's not that quiet cause. It's still like, really loud. Right? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: From the banging thunder of the lightning column.
isaac: I mean legitimately, I'm we might have to just cast. Wish
isaac: I don't see a better. Does anybody have a greater restoration thing? I don't know what that was talking about. I don't have that on my character sheet.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a riswin thing, not a.
isaac: Wow!
Tim Sackton: That's funny.
isaac: I mean, yeah, that I don't. I looked. It doesn't look like I have anything better.
isaac: and I'm nobody else. The spellcaster besides me, and dealt with right? So.
Mike: It's true.
isaac: I guess it just has to be a wish. No like I feel like there's not really a.
Tim Sackton: That's what it's for.
David S. Kong: Give me that's.
isaac: That's true, I guess.
David S. Kong: Wait!
isaac: What if I throw the binding stones of Omlok at him?
isaac: I don't know what these are.
Tim Sackton: They're they've never actually turned out. I mean, they're tricky to use.
isaac: Yeah, exactly. So, what if I just like, throw them.
Tim Sackton: That's probably not going to do anything.
isaac: Okay, fine. I'll just cast squish.
Tim Sackton: So.
isaac: I don't think there is. Actually, I guess I'm wishing for greater restoration.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
isaac: Fine, fine.
David S. Kong: We have no other options.
isaac: Yeah, we have no other options.
isaac: It's okay.
Tim Sackton: So in the booming thunder. After the end of the fight.
Tim Sackton: Seeker goes over to Delwyth and kind of shakes his head.
Tim Sackton: holds up his hand. No, no, let's get rid of that.
Tim Sackton: and dealt with the Chelite melts off of Delworth's body.
Tim Sackton: and color returns to his face.
Mike: That was unpleasant.
David S. Kong: Look to me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pleasant.
isaac: Alright, so there's a downstairs and an upstairs.
Tim Sackton: No, just the downstairs.
isaac: Oh, it's just both stairways. Lead down. Okay.
David S. Kong: Can we destroy the lightning thing from here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we.
isaac: Looking dry. Can I? Can I examine it?
David S. Kong: Yeah, you should make an arcana check and see if you can figure it out how to destroy it.
isaac: So if out of con, so can I use my goggles now?
Tim Sackton: Use your goggles now.
isaac: Great,
isaac: 33.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Mike: Is it worth
Mike: Well, while seekers doing that like? There's like stairs down.
isaac: Yep.
Mike: Share this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's go. Cut it out.
Mike: There!
isaac: Yeah, there's almost.
isaac: There's something down. I'm sure there's almost certainly something else down there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seeker. You work on this floor and we'll take a look at the floor below.
isaac: I don't think that's a okay. You guys have fun. Bye.
isaac: take take the take your, take the take the guys with you. The 2 2 really cool, big strong guys.
Tim Sackton: You've got your constructs for an hour.
Mike: I was.
isaac: Yeah.
Mike: Looking somebody a little bit stealthy, sneaks down, sneaks down first.st
isaac: Hey? The constructs have a plus.
isaac: probably a plus one, or like a minus one, something in that area to south.
isaac: Yeah, they have a plus 0 to stealth.
isaac: anyway. Yeah, yeah, maybe Welby should go down.
isaac: or I don't know who's stealthy. But Welby's a rogue. So.
Mike: While being kind of what I expect, emotionally stealthy.
isaac: Great. I'm gonna well, what do I get with my 33 arcana? Let's.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: While Seeker is examining this, what's everybody else doing? Hold on a sec! There.
isaac: Okay. I'll wait.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll go downstairs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kim, do you want to come downstairs? Check this out.
David S. Kong: That's it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: I'll stand guard at the top of the stairs.
Tim Sackton: Okay, secret 3 is going to go look over seeker one's shoulder.
Tim Sackton: So right here. So what you get there's
Tim Sackton: the the lightning. Actually, I mean, it's
Tim Sackton: the 1st thing you notice is that you you explore a little bit, and you like, look at it. You go a little bit close, and when you get within like 5, 6 feet.
Tim Sackton: maybe between 10 and 5 feet, like little jolts of lightning, start to
Tim Sackton: jolt towards you as like a charge is building up and you step back.
Tim Sackton: It seems clear that if you get within about 5 feet of it it's gonna blast you.
isaac: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You can also sort of see through the middle that there's like sort of
Tim Sackton: thin pillars of some kind of purplish gemstone that the lightning seems to be wrapping around, and they actually go down into the floor and up through the ceiling. So there's columns that seem to run
Tim Sackton: the.
isaac: Retire.
Tim Sackton: Way.
isaac: And the lightning is actually traveling down into the floor.
Tim Sackton: But as for ways to destroy it
Tim Sackton: from here it's not obvious.
isaac: Would 8th level dispel magic work.
Tim Sackton: Unlikely.
isaac: Okay, then I'm not going to try, because it's an 8th level spelled okay, so it goes.
isaac: So you see, you're saying that there might.
Tim Sackton: Is not us. This is not a spell effect. This isn't like animate.
isaac: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Is.
isaac: Got it. Got it so sorry it's.
Tim Sackton: Dog.
isaac: So you think, does it look like there might be a a more vulnerable place on like a different area.
Tim Sackton: You probably have to go down.
isaac: Okay?
isaac: Well, I'll tell Dull with that. Who's waiting up top of the stairs? Right?
isaac: I'll say.
Tim Sackton: It seems like we might.
isaac: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, while you're investigating Kenzo and
Tim Sackton: and Welby sneak down the steps.
Tim Sackton: You're being stealthy, but
Tim Sackton: as you get down one level there doesn't seem to be much need to be, because well, 1st of all, nobody can hear anything over the sound of the thunder, I mean, even rizwin could be stealthy in these conditions.
Tim Sackton: Second of all, there's nobody in the level below.
Tim Sackton: There seems to be some sort of living quarters.
Tim Sackton: There's 2 giant sized beds, a table. It takes you a while to get down, because the steps are the same size as Welby, so you know. Well, in order to get down. Welby's like dropping down off the side. It's about 3 and a half feet down the step.
Tim Sackton: Walk
Tim Sackton: 3, 4 feet to the next step, jumps down. Not the easiest to be stealthy. But again, it doesn't really matter, because
Tim Sackton: there's nobody here. There's no windows. It's dark here, except for the light of the
Tim Sackton: the blue, purple glow cast by the lightning.
Tim Sackton: There are stairs that go one level down. You could see from the outside that this tower has 3 levels.
Tim Sackton: and the entire interior walls of this room down below
Tim Sackton: are etched with runes and and giant sized engravings, just like incredibly detailed. All the way around the like 40 foot tall walls.
Tim Sackton: There's a chair, there's a table with a few chairs. There's a couple
Tim Sackton: on the table. There's a couple 3 giant fist size pieces of obsidian.
Tim Sackton: That would be, you know.
Tim Sackton: Welby ish size, maybe 5 or even bigger than Welby, like 5 6 feet across.
Tim Sackton: In various states of being carved into birds. And there's 1 finished obsidian hawk that's been carved.
Tim Sackton: and then there's stairs down and still constantly booming echo of thunder.
Tim Sackton: And again this, like incredibly detailed mural on the walls.
David S. Kong: How big is the hawk.
Tim Sackton: It's like 5 feet.
David S. Kong: Should we put in the portable hole?
David S. Kong: Lewis Fishborne?
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Sure if you want to.
David S. Kong: Why not? Let's take a hug.
David S. Kong: Yeah,
David S. Kong: I'm not sure if Welby's there. But Welby and I searched the room more closely for anything else
David S. Kong: you might have missed.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'll so I mean, yeah, you can see there's steps down.
David S. Kong: Keep going down. There's nothing else in the room. After a more careful search.
Tim Sackton: So
David S. Kong: Kept that we just found an obsidian, Hawken, like
David S. Kong: we bought a 5 foot tall obsidian hawk, and we're putting it in the portable hole.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. Is there any.
Tim Sackton: You make a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When we look at the mural, is there anything looking at the mural that offers clues to the present situation?
David S. Kong: It was great. Yeah. Is there instructions to kill the giant written in the mural.
Tim Sackton: It's all it's all written in giant. And there's but yeah, there's like, what.
David S. Kong: Which which we can read.
Tim Sackton: Go with, can read.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dealt with.
Mike: Down here and read this giant mural.
Mike: Sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Possibly the Instruction Manual.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: What's it? Say?
Tim Sackton: So it's a history of.
David S. Kong: Up, up, down, left, right, left, right.
Tim Sackton: What seems to be something called the dowthlaptor.
Tim Sackton: which translates literally from giant as the Death lightning it describes.
Tim Sackton: It's it's written, it's very, you know, sort of
Tim Sackton: a hagiography of Drukmar and his conquest of the Death lightning.
Tim Sackton: It's it's written in this sort of very
Tim Sackton: elaborate flowery for a giant kind of you know. There's all these kinds of
Tim Sackton: the great Drukmar discovered the power of Cheleh.
Tim Sackton: and it shows it shows them.
Mike: It's talking about the giant, the 70 foot tall guy. That's true.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's Drukmar. The 70 foot tall giant is Drukmar, and it shows how they like
Tim Sackton: built the
Tim Sackton: constructed, the the tower. It shows like installing like this giant shay light mirror at the base of the tower, and the lightning shooting up from the mirror.
Tim Sackton: It shows runes carved, being etched in the stones in this very complex way.
Tim Sackton: And then it shows like the laser firing. It shows a giant
Tim Sackton: sort of a stylized giant standing against a wall where the wall is like just polished black obsidian stone, but that turns
Tim Sackton: to a
Tim Sackton: a window almost as the giantess sort of puts their hand on these etched gold and purple gemstone controls in the wall.
Tim Sackton: It goes. And it's just very, you know. It goes on like this for a while.
Mike: Do these match anything we can like? Gemstone controls on the wall. Match anything around here? Or is this like clearly somewhere else.
Tim Sackton: It's it's probably the next floor down.
isaac: I will have come down with Bellwith also, when they say it's safe.
isaac: So we're what's on there. What's what should we check out? I mean.
Mike: What's beneath us.
Tim Sackton: Deeker. 3 sounds like arrived at like
Tim Sackton: pointing at seeker one. And like.
Tim Sackton: you know, pointing at things like, Oh, yeah, I recognize that room like, Hmm.
isaac: Taking notes.
Tim Sackton: I bet we could make something like this right?
David S. Kong: Vina Sharna definitely needs a death ray, so they should take. They should take some pictures of these instructions, for sure.
isaac: Yeah. It's a good idea.
Tim Sackton: It down. The only problem.
Mike: Is that your magic flying Castle, or whatever? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yes, the only problem. It. It seems like it needs
Tim Sackton: to be powered by consuming the soul of somebody.
isaac: Bye, bye, dealt with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As valuable as this is to know. I think we're even more interested in the off switch.
Mike: Yes.
isaac: It sounds like that's.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
isaac: Downstairs.
David S. Kong: And we're.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
David S. Kong: The mirror.
Tim Sackton: Let's look!
isaac: I bet the isn't the mirror downstairs, or did I misunderstand.
David S. Kong: Sounds, strange.
Tim Sackton: No, no! The mirror is downstairs.
isaac: So we should go downstairs. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Seem like destroying the mirror could be one off switch
Tim Sackton: secret 3 is like poking around a little. Maybe.
Mike: Shouldn't we like? See if there's anything down there before we just run down there?
isaac: Well, there probably is something down there.
Mike: Is there stairs.
isaac: Fight it.
David S. Kong: We'll be. We'll be in Kenzo. Stuff down there we go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, get, we know how to do this.
Mike: What's
Mike: what's the so like? There's stairs down.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Okay? And where? Okay, yeah, never mind. Yeah. Just sell that. Go for it.
Mike: Report, report back before you attack, though. If there's something down there to fight.
Tim Sackton: Okay, both of you make stealth checks with disadvantage.
isaac: Why, oh, right disadvantage because of the loud.
Tim Sackton: I'm going to say that for stealth the disadvantage cancels out because it's.
isaac: Because it's loud.
Tim Sackton: To be stealthy.
isaac: Hmm.
David S. Kong: 27.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 27, hey, 27 bros.
Tim Sackton: Well, that's the lowest. You could roll short, even with disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: But.
isaac: Great.
Tim Sackton: So you sneak down the stairs and you see
Tim Sackton: You can see the the
Tim Sackton: The lightning pillar continues down, and
Tim Sackton: it's almost like bubbling up around what looks like some sort of reflective gemstone or mirror set into the floor that serves as a focus of which the lightning is like
Tim Sackton: forming like this roiling cloud of red and and purple light, and
Tim Sackton: then reflecting back up in a sort of continual loop.
Tim Sackton: Powered in large part by this mirror
Tim Sackton: you see standing against a blank obsidian wall. There's a giant wearing like a
Tim Sackton: helm, with Chalite gemstones mounted into the helm.
Tim Sackton: And there's gold and and purple runes carved into the floor of this
Tim Sackton: of this that run from the mirror
Tim Sackton: to this wall, and then up the wall, and as he, as the giant like, places his hand on a rune, you can see that the wall, this black obsidian wall turns
Tim Sackton: almost like a scrying portal. And now you're looking out into the pit mine down below.
Tim Sackton: It's almost like manipulating his hand somehow, and the image shifts again, and you're looking at the
Tim Sackton: the perimeter of the of the of the settlement around the Pit mine. It shifts again, and you're looking
Tim Sackton: deep underground at ogres. Mining Chalite ore
Tim Sackton: just keeps going, keeps moving his hands around and shifting
Tim Sackton: standing next to him is a slightly smaller, maybe younger giant.
Tim Sackton: Who is kind of looking, observing.
Tim Sackton: Looks a little bit like they're not paying much attention and just kind of daydreaming, or something
Tim Sackton: that's on the south south wall on the north wall. More silver. Sorry gold runes are etched into the floor that connect to a giant who's clearly imprisoned.
Tim Sackton: His wrists are in 2 manacles that
Tim Sackton: grow of stone into the wall, dotted with purple chelike gemstones.
Tim Sackton: and standing next to him again, half merged into the wall, are 2 Chelite's giant statues.
David S. Kong: So many chelet giants.
Mike: That's all. So wait a kid giant, a big giant, 2 statues, and an imprisoned giant.
Mike: Is that right?
Tim Sackton: Yup, I mean, the statues are statues. They're obviously not active.
isaac: But they will be. But, hey, I'll just roll more
isaac: dispel magics, you know. It'll be fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No more wishes, though right.
isaac: No, no more wishes. If you get. If you get petrified again, you're petrified literally forever.
Tim Sackton: Well until you long rest.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
isaac: Wait, really, that's oh, yeah, that's true, literally forever.
isaac: But yeah, so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So options, we could just rush these guys and try to kill the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should just rush these guys it somehow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we need access to the ring. What they've got last.
isaac: Time, Dad, did it seem like it? Was it an action for them to put magic in the in the Golems.
Tim Sackton: It was an action. Yeah.
isaac: Okay, yeah, I think we should just go get surprised again.
David S. Kong: Initiative.
isaac: I think that's a.
Mike: But the reason I don't want you to just attack right away is I would like to take a few moments to get some spell slots back.
isaac: Oh, fun! Oh, that's there!
isaac: Just a minute, just your like minute thing.
Mike: Yeah.
isaac: Okay? Because I don't want to. I want to utilize the golem. Yeah.
Mike: Not long, not a proper long grasp. 1 1 min.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 10 min timer on the big boss has started yet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What? What's the 10 min timer.
Tim Sackton: You're pretty sure that you managed to. I mean you didn't let the guy escape, so nobody sounded an alarm.
Mike: These guys don't seem to know we're here.
isaac: It's incredibly loud in here. It's like, because.
Tim Sackton: Even the giants who are immune to thunder damage. They're not immune to thunder noise
Tim Sackton: right? I mean they nobody can hear you.
isaac: Not immune to the deafening condition.
Tim Sackton: It's effectively you are deafened when you are in here. You can't. I mean, the giants can yell loudly enough that they can be heard maybe
Tim Sackton: 2030 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How high above the ground are we like? If a giant went up out the side.
Tim Sackton: A 150 feet above the ground.
isaac: 15 d. 6 is a lot of damage.
isaac: I guess it's not that much damage at this level.
isaac: Okay, it's like a little bit of damage.
isaac: Alright! So it sounds like we're done with regaining some spell slots. And then we're going.
Mike: Yeah.
isaac: We should try and free the imprisoned guy. Probably.
isaac: you know, enemy of my enemy is my friend, and all that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kenzo, can you soul sight these guys while we're.
Mike: Oh, yeah, definitely.
David S. Kong: Great Idea, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Yup, I got it.
Tim Sackton: The sorcerer is also Cr. 16.
isaac: Which one's the sorcerer, the tall one.
Tim Sackton: I mean this guy, the tall one. Yeah, the one with the Cheli gemstones on his crown.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: The chelite statues are cr, 9.
Tim Sackton: The giant. The other giant is Cr.
Tim Sackton: 7.
isaac: So that's just like the same guys we fought earlier. Probably.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the the sorcerer is good at well, batted intelligence.
isaac: Oh, that's great!
Tim Sackton: Good at
Tim Sackton: I guess. Equally good at charisma and constitution.
isaac: Bad intelligence is really nice.
isaac: I mean, it probably isn't that bad at it? But that would be convenient, because then we can. I can do psychic lance stuff.
Mike: Yeah.
isaac: Alright. Are we we ready? I don't
isaac: we? I think we can go. I might try and have the. I think we might try and have the constructs free the prisoner because they're probably not going to do.
isaac: I mean, I don't know. They have a decent damage output. They do like 11 damage around on average.
David S. Kong: Alternative.
isaac: Yeah, I think we're ready.
Mike: I'm gonna yeah. I'm gonna burn a spell slot to get back all my sorcery points.
isaac: We barged down the stairs.
Mike: And.
David S. Kong: Do we all roll with advantage.
isaac: They roll with disadvantage.
Mike: Yeah, we should. We roll, we would roll with advantage.
isaac: I think Dad made up that part.
isaac: The surprise condition just gives you disadvantage on initiative.
David S. Kong: 30.
isaac: But you know we can roll with advantage if Dad wants it's up to him. He's the DM. I just am really good at this game. So I know all the rules. Right trust.
Tim Sackton: No, they roll at disadvantage. If it's if you're hidden when combat starts.
isaac: So I guess they.
Tim Sackton: Get it.
isaac: I guess I guess seeker and.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: the appearing teleport I figure was kind of like hidden. This is not. You're not hidden, but they do.
isaac: Well, I mean.
Tim Sackton: Stitch.
isaac: Yeah, okay.
Mike: What?
Tim Sackton: Wait! Hold on!
Tim Sackton: Let sorry go ahead. Let me see if I think I can move the constructs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should we be seeing a different map in Roll 20.
isaac: Not yet. I don't think I'm going to roll initiative for Seeker 3. Also, Dad.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: I can. Just.
isaac: I can just also play secret 3. If you want.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead.
Tim Sackton: Oh, look.
isaac: Though actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey! Rick.
Mike: Hey!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: How are you going.
isaac: Okay. I can only stay for a little bit. But I just wanted to. Am I gonna get.
Tim Sackton: Usurped. I'm getting usurped to run seeker because it was too complicated right?
Eric Rosenbaum: You know what I could just listen in. Keep doing.
isaac: No, no, no! You should play. I'll play seeker 3. You can.
Mike: 2 seekers, so you could.
Tim Sackton: 2 seekers.
isaac: But then Dad does have to actually check off your spouse slots that are expended.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, what? What's tell me what
Tim Sackton: 1 1 expended, second, 2 expended thirds.
isaac: One expended, 4, th one expended, 5.th
Tim Sackton: And one expended knife.
isaac: Anyone expected 9.th But you know that's Dawa's fault for rolling so poorly.
Tim Sackton: Dale earth was turned to Chelite, and so Seeker had to wish him free.
Mike: Eric's like. Why would see Kirk wish that was free.
Tim Sackton: Just leave him. Obviously.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm guessing from the backdrop here that you guys are using the diplomatic solution, which is great. I approve that.
Mike: Swords and fists. Art of diplomacy.
Eric Rosenbaum: And gone to sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: I actually have to like, wash some baby related stuff and then go to sleep, so I probably should not be trying to like manipulate spell slots, for sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How are you doing, man? How's life treating you.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, give us the update.
Eric Rosenbaum: What can I say? We're doing all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are in Vermont while daycare is on vacation, which is like complicated but fine and I am
Eric Rosenbaum: nothing else too exciting. I think Avery downloaded a software update because she can lift her head now. But she's mad about it.
Mike: One?
Mike: Has her? Has her sleep any better?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's very gradually getting slightly better, although just a few minutes ago. It's like, Okay, now I can join the call. But then I had to like. Hold her and get her back to sleep. So that delayed me a little bit further.
Eric Rosenbaum: but yeah, we're doing. We're doing fine. We're just sleep deprived, as always.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Eric Random. Note.
David S. Kong: I'm not sure if you have any info on this, but it's because, you know, we've got Nantucket. October 2324 with that stretch.
David S. Kong: There's now a Media Lab alumni event
David S. Kong: on the 23rd and the 24th that Wednesday, Thursday.
David S. Kong: and we're we're leaving for Nantucket on Wednesday.
Mike: On Thursday.
Tim Sackton: Is, that.
David S. Kong: All right. Thursday.
David S. Kong: Sorry. Sorry the alumni events Thursday, Friday, so we would Miss Friday, no matter what. But Thursday. I don't know if there's a tentative schedule yet. You've seen it, but we're currently on the 2 o'clock ferry. And so we're discussing moving to the 8 o'clock ferry, depending on what that schedule is on Thursday. So
David S. Kong: just a heads up. You are aware.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. I don't even have the whole Nantucket thing on my calendar. I was looking for it the other day because I needed to tell Catherine what to plan for, but.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, I'll let me let me let me just text you the details.
David S. Kong: I'm in Canada.
David S. Kong: Current plan is we're we're taking a 2 40 something ferry from Hyannis on the Thursday, and then we come back Sunday at noon on that ferry.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is kind of unfortunate, because that Friday happens to be like, I don't know if it's Jewish holiday or something, but like because of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's no preschool for Izzy on that day, so it just makes it extra hard for Catherine that sucks.
David S. Kong: Anyways, just random little logistical things about them.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's very lucky.
David S. Kong: You.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just hey.
David S. Kong: I'm just pointing my finger at you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: What else is going on? You're you're a dad with 2 kids. Now, how's that? Feel?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's amazing. It's so much fun it's a lot. Oh, I I went.
David S. Kong: Kids play with each other. What's their what's their dynamic like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean Avery's, you know, about 3 months old. So she.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
isaac: They'll play D and D eventually. Don't worry.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I I do improvise storytelling like collaborative storytelling with Izzy
Eric Rosenbaum: The night at dinner we had
Eric Rosenbaum: Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse and their mole friend go to the moon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's kind of spaceship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So we make up stories together. It's great.
Eric Rosenbaum: And but Kong we had an Llk reunion. There were like 90 people there.
David S. Kong: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: And so there are tons of people I hadn't seen in like 20 plus years.
David S. Kong: Oh, my God!
Eric Rosenbaum: It was, it was so cool, this was.
David S. Kong: It.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like last week.
David S. Kong: We're we're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Up in in New Hampshire at like a big hotel.
David S. Kong: That's so cool did a manga.
Eric Rosenbaum: Aman. And yeah bunch of
Eric Rosenbaum: old timers, and some of which you probably would have known about others. But anyway, it was cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love that I just not mention today.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice.
David S. Kong: California for a month.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah, maybe I should just actually let Isaac keep the reins and we can jump.
Tim Sackton: Been in.
isaac: Well, I wasn't planning on going to bed anytime soon, anyway. So that's fine.
Mike: Eric will definitely go to bed before you. Isaac.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: Isaac's a teenager. Eric has 2 young children.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will soon have a 3 major.
Mike: Right. Izzy's birthday is pretty soon right.
Eric Rosenbaum: August 20, th yeah.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, coming up and everybody else doing okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: You probably don't want to give full updates. You want to finish battling the whatever.
Mike: Well, we're in between battles. We're about to start this.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, it's perfect timing we're about. There's gonna be 3 battles tonight. Tonight's like a very battle-heavy night.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm the guess.
David S. Kong: Yeah, although you missed the last. The last session was great. We like convinced a
David S. Kong: dumb orc to talk to a smart rock. I played a rock.
David S. Kong: and then we got that like giant to like talk to like another giant like we managed to get through the whole like thing without fighting anything, and like, got all the information and stuff we need just through like like
David S. Kong: trickery. It was great. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
David S. Kong: It was. Yeah, it was like it was like the smartest adventure we've ever played like. Normally, we just like, you know, Punch and poke things, and and this time it was like all that was all we just. We were really clever. It was great.
Mike: Yes.
Mike: we we had a we had an ogre, who, we magically convinced, had to spell its all its secrets to a magic rock, and then Kenzo played the magic rock.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, like, Brock is amazing. I will tell you everything.
David S. Kong: And then we got it to. We got it to find out who the revolutionary giants were that like we're trying to overthrow or like unhappy with the current, you know.
Mike: Receive.
David S. Kong: Situation, and then we had that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got to split, split the factions.
Mike: Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, that's good.
David S. Kong: Schwartz and I were trying to like, be clever this time to do something, so we didn't have to fight the 70 foot tall chalet giant, but then
David S. Kong: it was just
David S. Kong: like, no, you guys don't. Don't. Don't prepare anything. Don't try to be smart. You're wasting time. So now we're just like, you know.
Mike: Yeah, yeah. But we haven't gotten to the 70 foot tall, chilly chip.
David S. Kong: No, no, we haven't even gotten there yet. We're still like fighting a bunch of minions right now.
David S. Kong: How do you feel?
David S. Kong: We're destroying a death ray. But Seeker took down all of the instructions. Because we're going to install. We're going to build our own version of the death ray to add it to Vinasharna. Just so, you know.
Mike: It's life. Yeah, life free.
Mike: It's just it's powered by what? Like the souls of innocents. At the moment.
Tim Sackton: If you, if you understand the.
Mike: So.
Tim Sackton: The murals correctly. It seems like it actually
Tim Sackton: turns people. It turns the people who power it into the chelate statues slowly over time.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: So we just need to create a religion where people want to become chelite statues, and then they sacrifice themselves
David S. Kong: to be a part of our life right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just.
Mike: And and you wonder why we didn't want Seeker to have to crack.
David S. Kong: This. This I feel like this exact moment is redemption for the necklace that, like weird finger necklace thing that we decided.
Mike: Oh, yeah.
Mike: Yeah. Yeah.
David S. Kong: We should have kept.
Mike: We should have kept that.
David S. Kong: This is this. Is that moment right now, where.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now we finally have our chance.
David S. Kong: We're going to make. We're going to build the life brain.
Mike: You know. Let Seeker keep the horrible evil death. Ray.
David S. Kong: But anyways, that's great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Deserved.
David S. Kong: You're just. You're just writing down all the
David S. Kong: Schwartz. This is, write it, do it. But with the death ray.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And giant talk exactly.
David S. Kong: The app literally, and this is literally write it. Do it death, ray.
Eric Rosenbaum: Read it, read it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, man, right! It's death!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
David S. Kong: Should we go into comment? And, Eric, you can just stop.
Tim Sackton: Did you hover? All initiative.
David S. Kong: Yeah. I rolled the 30.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I also rolled out 30.
Mike: I rolled a 10.
Mike: Wait! Did we act? We actually didn't have advantage right.
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean you. I actually forgot
Tim Sackton: to tell you. I mean, you have advantage, but it's an ability check. So you have.
Tim Sackton: So it's a straight roll.
isaac: Okay. Seeker 3. Got a 6, got an 18 and seeker one got a 15.
isaac: I was helping Mom with the rug.
Mike: Would Welby get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 30.
Mike: 30.
Mike: Pretty good.
Mike: Well, be our thirties dealt with his way at the end.
Tim Sackton: Where did? Where did Della get Ted.
Mike: Plan.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should focus everything on the big, bad.
isaac: Well, they said he was bad at intelligence. So I'm just gonna
isaac: hit him with the freaking rune of psychic disruption.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think.
isaac: And hopefully he fails.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If Kenzos and I are up first, st
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like it would be useful to get Kenzo into melee, and then I can, studying.
isaac: Well, yeah, the rune doesn't really help other people hit them.
isaac: It just helps them not hit us.
Mike: Yeah. Kenzo could get into my way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: We can just.
isaac: Get into.
isaac: We can just hope that they didn't roll higher than 18,
isaac: because Secret 3 got an 18. So as long as they didn't do that. We can.
Tim Sackton: I mean Kenzo can can jump off the.
Mike: Oh, this guy's the I see. I was confused about which.
isaac: This is the big guy.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, see all the chairlit on his head.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
isaac: You're so cool.
Mike: Where's the one? Who's is the one which is the one who's.
Tim Sackton: This one. This guy is chained to the wall.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: These are the inanimate statues that can be activated as a magic action.
isaac: And this is the like apprentice.
isaac: Okay.
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: Should I engage the Big Boss, the big one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I'll.
Mike: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll follow up.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Alright!
David S. Kong: Here I go.
David S. Kong: Is this close enough?
David S. Kong: All right?
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, Tim, soul site.
Tim Sackton: You already did.
Mike: Tell. Cr. 16, crappy intelligence.
David S. Kong: Right. Right. Right. All right.
isaac: Good charisma, and con.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: 1st attack, advantage, or sorry.
Tim Sackton: Advantage.
David S. Kong: It's a don't.
Tim Sackton: Thundering unless somebody wants to try and break the mirror.
isaac: Where's the mirror?
David S. Kong: 17.
Tim Sackton: On your inside this lightning.
Tim Sackton: Sorry to see it.
Tim Sackton: Words bottom here like this.
isaac: That's a job for the that's a job for the constructs.
David S. Kong: That is a good idea, though at 1017.
Tim Sackton: 17 hits.
isaac: I believe in them. They're going to do a great job.
David S. Kong: 10 damage let's go for con.
David S. Kong: 1st setting. Strike.
Tim Sackton: That is a 17.
David S. Kong: But no.
Tim Sackton: Felon!
Tim Sackton: One of the Chalite crystals on his head breaks off, and he just looks and snarls at you.
David S. Kong: All right. Second attack
David S. Kong: it is.
Tim Sackton: How many key do you have left? By the way.
David S. Kong: Ow, ow, ow!
David S. Kong: Like 10.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: Basically infinity key that trust.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I can also do the thing where I get on my key back. All right.
Tim Sackton: Get all your key back when you will. Initiative. Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, all right. 13 is going to miss 13 missed.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: All right. So 1st iron armed. Strike.
Tim Sackton: Bobby's, next.
David S. Kong: Hold on! I'm so.
isaac: Bad? Where's seeker? 3.
David S. Kong: 26.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I didn't put out secret 3.
isaac: Come on, then.
David S. Kong: 6 damage.
David S. Kong: Second, okay.
David S. Kong: damn it, 12 misses 3rd on our strike.
David S. Kong: Disadvantage sucks 13 misses.
Tim Sackton: It ends Kenza's turn. Welby turns and looks at this giant who's now turned facing you.
Tim Sackton: black obsidian scrying screen gone dark?
Tim Sackton: As he stares at you.
Tim Sackton: Are you nagging.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Studying.
Tim Sackton: Move his hands like he's casting a spell. Steady aim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cancels, disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 21.
Tim Sackton: That's.
isaac: Get them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of these d. 6 to try and blind him. It's a DC. 19 deck, save.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So minus 13 from that total is 30 damage.
Tim Sackton: That's an 11! A second of his chelite.
isaac: Yeah. Burn those legendary instances.
Tim Sackton: Breaks off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right for the next round. We all don't have disadvantage on the sky.
isaac: Great.
Mike: Nice.
David S. Kong: How many things does he have legendary resistances.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We don't know.
Tim Sackton: Well, they there were 3 large chile
Tim Sackton: crowns on his head. There's not one.
isaac: Hopefully. We we made him weaker.
Tim Sackton: Secret 3 is up.
isaac: Psychic ruin, whatever you call it.
isaac: Raltham Raltham, psychic Lance.
Tim Sackton: Man, you're just burning through his resistances.
isaac: 4th Level.
Tim Sackton: One on the Save.
Tim Sackton: But again the last of his chelike crowd, as chelike.
isaac: 3 turns, 3 legendary resistances. Good job guys, all right.
isaac: That was just at 4th Level damage is going to be
isaac: 21 so halves to 10.
Tim Sackton: Halved to 10.
Tim Sackton: So now he's going to turn, and he's gonna look.
isaac: Hold up, I have a stone construct. Excuse me, sir.
Tim Sackton: Sorry.
isaac: Like, I can't control the constructs.
isaac: or at least I can't control. Yeah, I can't control the constructs anymore.
Tim Sackton: What did I do last time.
isaac: I don't know. You can just move him if you want.
Tim Sackton: I got it I got it.
isaac: I need the other one, too. I know you're working on it, but like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you should have.
isaac: Okay, their howls are reversed. Oh, no, they're not. They just look different. Wait.
isaac: I'm confused. They're the wrong kinds of constructs. It's okay.
isaac: 1, 2.
isaac: There's it's a clay in a stone. It's okay. Just don't worry about it. We're just gonna pretend the metal one is clay. It's pretty easy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: One. So I guess this is technically mine, then. So this one is secret. 3 is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. I don't think dashing into the lightning is a good idea.
isaac: So that's his turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's going to stop there.
isaac: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The chain light, sorcerer! Now turning around.
Tim Sackton: Looking towards you, there is a blinding flash of light.
Mike: Wait. Is he casting a spell.
Tim Sackton: No, he's tossing a chelite stone.
Mike: Okay.
isaac: Is he gonna turn on the Golems.
Tim Sackton: No, he's gonna try and blind you all.
isaac: That's not fun.
Tim Sackton: So anybody within 3, rd I was trying to pull out that. But
Tim Sackton: yeah, you're all within 30 feet. Anybody within 30 feet.
Mike: Kansas.
Tim Sackton: So everybody, everybody but Kenzo make a constitution saving throw.
isaac: Ray.
isaac: Both seekers fail.
Tim Sackton: So you are all blinded until the end of its next turn.
isaac: How about Inspector?
isaac: Probably bad.
Tim Sackton: Anybody who wants to use their.
isaac: Is it sorry? Also, people have bardic inspirations, right? Or is that not saving period.
Tim Sackton: Darwin.
Mike: No, it is.
Mike: Wife has no.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with.
Mike: Actions.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with has a secret. 3 used last fardict to give you another.
Tim Sackton: So you have a Bardeck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are we reloaded on bardiks all around, or just dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Speaker. 3 can't regain anything, but seeker, still has all his Barnets.
isaac: Yeah, I guess, but who? I thought everyone still had one besides Dot with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I did not. I used mine.
isaac: Give Welby 1. 0, yeah.
Tim Sackton: We'll be as well.
Mike: Does a 19 pass.
Tim Sackton: Yes, and 19 passes.
isaac: All right. Both seekers are going to reroll theirs with the heroic first.st
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: Does the 16 succeed.
Tim Sackton: A 16.
Mike: Does in fact succeed.
isaac: Okay.
Mike: Do these give you anything if you succeed with them, because they're secret.
Tim Sackton: Temp. HP. Equal to the which does nothing for you.
isaac: Yeah, it does nothing for most people, I think at this point.
Mike: Now, if you don't already have temp.
Mike: if you don't already have 10 rich B.
isaac: But doesn't everybody have it from the like big, big bastion thing, or whatever.
Mike: Seeker and.
isaac: Oh, well, you know I have a flawed sample size.
Tim Sackton: I'm getting confused. So Whilebi uses Bardic and also succeeds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Did both seekers succeed? Isaac.
isaac: No, only seeker. 3 succeeds seeker. The other seeker has a 6, and I don't think
isaac: it's worth using a bardic inspiration on a 6, and he already used heroic, so real seeker is blinded.
Tim Sackton: Secret, secret.
isaac: 3 succeeds.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that was a bonus action.
isaac: That's not good.
Tim Sackton: And now he's going to swing.
Tim Sackton: Oh, actually.
Tim Sackton: Yes, now he's going to swing at Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: 2 swings with this club.
Tim Sackton: Mess!
Tim Sackton: Both attacks. You just dodge out of the way of it's a 15 and a 12,
Tim Sackton: but the 27 is going to hit, and that's going to do
Tim Sackton: 25 points of damage to Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Except it does not.
Tim Sackton: You're going to use your reaction.
David S. Kong: I will.
David S. Kong: So I roll.
David S. Kong: Oh, hold on, I'm ready.
David S. Kong: Okay, I roll one d 10 plus. Oh, yeah, yeah, wait. How much damage was it.
Tim Sackton: 27.
David S. Kong: I do have to roll.
David S. Kong: Hold on!
isaac: Sorry. Which of the stone? Which of the giants was the imprisoned one, and which one's the.
Tim Sackton: The one at the top isn't.
David S. Kong: Okay.
isaac: Okay.
David S. Kong: What the heck! I can't roll dice on. Roll 20. What happened here? Hold on.
David S. Kong: I need to roll a 1 d. 10 plus 22.
David S. Kong: This is so weird, Tim. The map I can't roll dice right now.
David S. Kong: Roll 20. Well, play on.
David S. Kong: Can somebody roll a d. 10 for me?
Tim Sackton: 24.
Tim Sackton: So you take 3 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Oh, wow!
David S. Kong: Damn it! What that sucks.
Mike: You're allowed to take notes.
David S. Kong: I know, turn and begin casting a spell.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna.
Mike: Will counterspell, work.
Tim Sackton: Why wouldn't they.
Mike: No, I mean, I'm using my once per day option to.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Mike: If it'll work.
Mike: DC. 20.
Tim Sackton: And what kind of save is that.
Mike: Con.
Tim Sackton: No counterspell will not work.
isaac: What does that mean? Enlighten me?
Mike: I have a magic item that lets me foresee whether a enemy will make the.
Tim Sackton: Is the seeker is the only one who's blinded right.
isaac: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, secret.
Tim Sackton: So a strength saving throw.
isaac: So sorry. What's up with the counterspell thing.
Mike: I have a magic item that lets me foresee whether or not an enemy will make their safe.
isaac: What if I cap? What if a secret.
Mike: Counterspell, though you could cast counterspell.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
isaac: 3 is going to cast Counterspell.
isaac: We have 3 counterspells available. Well, I guess I.
Tim Sackton: Elves, so the spell does not take effect.
isaac: Great, so secret. 3 is out of 3rd level spell slots, though so.
Tim Sackton: Okay, secret 3 is probably gonna die pretty soon. Turn.
isaac: No. Secret, 3.
Tim Sackton: Blinded seeker, blinded seeker one is up.
isaac: Okay, let me read, summon, construct in a little bit more detail. What does it?
isaac: Let me read the spell. So
isaac: I mean, I can vaguely tell it to. I can tell it commands if yeah, like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, go break the mirror. It'll still know what I mean, even if I'm blind it right.
Mike: Yeah. Yeah. Where's the ladder? Eric's right. Where's the ladder, though?
Mike: You gotta sum them the ladder. Isaac.
isaac: I don't know what the ladder is. Nobody told me what the ladder is. What's the ladder.
Mike: So. Performance of creation. A lot.
isaac: Okay. Sure.
Mike: Heroic ladder.
isaac: I'm gonna make a ladder great. That sounds like a good idea.
isaac: I make a ladder.
Tim Sackton: Jam.
Mike: Because you don't see the performance of creation.
isaac: Great. Yes, I make a ladder.
isaac: This is a good idea, and I'll bardic I can bartically inspire without seeing, so I can give it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Says wait, wait.
isaac: And so what does the latter do again?
isaac: This is ladder or.
Mike: You animate the ladder, you need to make the latter animated.
Mike: Yeah, Eric's like Eric.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's like.
David S. Kong: I hate.
Mike: This is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Going really good.
Mike: 6.
isaac: So I, animating performance.
isaac: No, wait.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like Eric! Eric. Talk through this talk, through this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I get it!
isaac: What's going on here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Had to turn off something. Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: you're caring. The real seeker is caring a rope ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: and you you can bring it to life with the enemy.
isaac: Right. So I just have a ladder. I didn't summon a ladder.
isaac: I just have a ladder that I've been carrying.
Tim Sackton: On top of the graph.
isaac: Okay? And then I don't think it's not performance of creation. It's animating performance.
Eric Rosenbaum: A question for Tim. I forget in the
Eric Rosenbaum: simulacrum secret, do that same ability.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but you don't have 2 ladders.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he has to do it in 2 steps of manifesting and then animating.
Tim Sackton: Or just animate something else.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could be a non. Let if you can find something.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Mike: Could we animate the mirror.
isaac: Think the mirror's too big.
Tim Sackton: It's.
isaac: It's also, it's only larger, smaller.
Tim Sackton: Bag.
isaac: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Bigger than large.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so anything.
isaac: So what is the latter? Is a dancing item. Stop block. Yeah. So that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct.
isaac: Does it act? When does it act? Okay? It acts at the same time as the construct. They're gonna all mug the mirror together as a collective.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Isaac's turn will be longer than everyone else's combined.
Tim Sackton: That helps.
Eric Rosenbaum: The individual thing.
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, her.
isaac: 3, 4, 5, 6.
isaac: They're all gonna wait. I think we have to wait around because I want them to all. I don't want any of them to just dash in.
isaac: And it seems like, Oh, no, it's gonna stay 10 feet away.
isaac: Our guy.
isaac: If that's not 10 feet away, it's gonna stay 10 feet away.
isaac: The constructs are the constructs, and the ladder are all going to end up 10 feet away from the mirror.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So they're all waiting for the mirror.
isaac: And the next round they're all going to attack the mirror.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
isaac: And I'm going to bartically inspire Delhi.
isaac: Yeah, dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this stone giant is going to rush over and attack Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: That's a 15 and a 27.
Tim Sackton: So that does the second
Tim Sackton: slash with this ruined blade, the 1st one you dodged out of the way of, but the second attack hits you, and you take 25 points of slashing damage.
Tim Sackton: And your movement speed is reduced by 10.
David S. Kong: Do I have to get it all safe.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
David S. Kong: Did I temporary, have tip points.
Mike: Now.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike: But you have aid. You have 20.
Tim Sackton: Bonus hit points that are temporary, and that and the giants turn.
Tim Sackton: Darworth is up.
Mike: Okay, I'm going to run 30 feet down towards these guys. Wrong?
Mike: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
Mike: Then I'm going to.
Mike: Bonus action.
Mike: I'm going to bonus action cast using quicken conjure animals. So a I think that's just a
Mike: it's a large, it's just a large creature. You don't have a conjure. Animals, I thought, do you, Tim?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I do.
Tim Sackton: He throws you can. You should be able to control that.
Mike: Yeah, I don't know how to get to spells.
Tim Sackton: Do you not see it? There's like click on the little book now, like we're all trying.
Mike: I see it. I see it. I see it. I didn't. The the buck is kind of
Mike: oh, that's amazing.
Mike: It's gonna appear right there.
Mike: And so both of those guys have to make. Let's see, when
Mike: moves within 10 feet of a creature you can see. And just a space with it. Yeah, so it'll move. Basically, they'll have to.
Mike: I'll it'll move in. So they both have to make a save this turn.
Tim Sackton: Wet, safe.
Mike: Dax, DC. 20.
Tim Sackton: The sorcerer fails, the other one succeeds rolls of 20.
Mike: So let's see, what is it? 5. Where's
Mike: it's 24 damage.
Mike: and that's my bonus action. And then, as my action, I will. Eldest blast the sorcerer
Mike: like, I don't have disadvantage right because of Welby's thing.
Tim Sackton: You do not have disadvantage until Welby's.
Mike: That was an 18 hit.
Tim Sackton: 18 does hit yes.
Mike: Okay. So I hit 4 times.
Mike: So he takes 1016 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends Dawa's turn as he blasts the Chelite sorcerer who staggers back slightly. That brings up Kenzo.
David S. Kong: All right, I will attack the main guy.
David S. Kong: What's the advantage situation now?
Tim Sackton: You still have straight rules, you'll be back to disadvantage after the end of your turn.
David S. Kong: All right. 24 hits.
David S. Kong: Nice. 18 damage. Dc. 18 con.
David S. Kong: Tim stunned.
Tim Sackton: Earth.
Tim Sackton: He is stunned.
David S. Kong: Yes.
David S. Kong: Do I get advantage now that he's stunned.
Tim Sackton: Nope! Still straight roll!
Tim Sackton: But now it's a straight roll for everybody.
David S. Kong: 18.
Tim Sackton: 18 hits.
David S. Kong: 11. Damage, first, st unarmed, strike
David S. Kong: 28 hits.
David S. Kong: 6 damage, second, unarmed. Strike 20 hits.
David S. Kong: Damn only 6 more damage last unarmed. Strike 19 hits.
David S. Kong: Oh, there we go! 17 damage on the last card.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Henzo hits this guy several times, making him bloodied.
Tim Sackton: Well, be advantage because he's stunned so straight. Roll.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Straight roll, all right. Well, I'm going to shoot him. Then.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): And I'm gonna use. It makes sense to still blind this guy right?
Mike: Yeah. Blind makes it hard to target spells.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yep. So the last 3 dice of this.
Tim Sackton: He is blinded.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That's minus 7. So 28 is the damage from that
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): and then I will shoot him again, just for good measure.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Walk.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh!
Mike: One.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 12.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): It's not.
Tim Sackton: Okay, at this point, as the lightning has been charging up
Tim Sackton: 3 lightning bolts shoot out towards
isaac: Towards the latter, and 2 constructs for sure.
Tim Sackton: So one goes like that.
Tim Sackton: Oops. Let's see.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Cool Animation.
Mike: That was.
Tim Sackton: One goes like that, and one
Tim Sackton: goes like that. So everybody except seeker and
Tim Sackton: seeker one, and Kenzo make dexterity saving throws.
Mike: I will cast absorb elements to gain resistance, to.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Well, I guess I I assume, even if I make a save I'll take them.
Tim Sackton: You'll take half damage. Yep.
isaac: Seeker fails. Seeker 3 failed or no seeker. Yeah. Seeker 3 is the one who's rolling.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
isaac: Seeker, one secret seeker, 3. Fails.
Mike: 16.
isaac: World, of 2.
Tim Sackton: Okay, 16 fails.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 28 with evasion. I assume I take no damage.
isaac: Do I also have to roll? Are all these guys getting hit.
Tim Sackton: Just the just the ladder and the stone construct. Not the oh, yeah, no. All all 3 of them are getting.
isaac: Okay, I'll roll a deck save for all 3 of those guys.
Tim Sackton: So that's 35 damage if you fail to save.
isaac: Okay, I have no place to track seeker. Three's hit points. So you gotta do that.
Tim Sackton: Secret 3 is gone. Secret 3. 0, the light
Tim Sackton: secret 3 is just just dead.
Tim Sackton: Sneaker. 3 collapses into a pile of snow.
Tim Sackton: so I guess I don't have to roll for the stone constructs
Tim Sackton: because the stone construct is gone.
Mike: Oh, seeker 3, we miss you!
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): But seeker 4.
isaac: Wow!
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Eager to meet you.
Tim Sackton: Speaker, 4.
isaac: It's okay, at least secret. 3 used all of their like a good amount of spell slots.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so 30.
isaac: My goodness.
Tim Sackton: You fail to save.
isaac: Good bang for our buck.
Tim Sackton: 17, if you succeed, unless you have evasion, in which case it's 17 or nothing.
isaac: I'm assuming neither an 11 nor a 9 succeeds.
Mike: Neither of those seasons.
Mike: 16 fat. So those aren't good looking good.
isaac: Okay, great.
isaac: So sorry. This.
isaac: 35.
Tim Sackton: Yes!
isaac: All right.
Tim Sackton: So secret. 3 is no more.
Tim Sackton: So that means it's the sorcerer's turn.
isaac: That's unfortable, sure.
David S. Kong: Funds.
isaac: And seeker. One is still blind. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's stunned seeker one is now no longer blind.
isaac: Oh, great!
David S. Kong: Stand down!
Tim Sackton: This the sorcerer is stunned.
David S. Kong: I'm blind.
Tim Sackton: And blind so.
isaac: Something. What's this thing?
Tim Sackton: Do anything that's Dao West. Conjure animals.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Oh, if it ends its turn without moving, it has to make another deck safe.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it can move.
Tim Sackton: It gets half its speed when it's done.
Mike: I mean, it's not. If it doesn't move, it's that if it if it's within 10 feet when it moves.
Tim Sackton: So wait. It's going to go this way. 1, 2.
Mike: Walk through Kenza.
isaac: It's, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You can squeeze, it's can. It's 2 sizes bigger than Kenzel. We can just ignore him.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It's gonna go.
isaac: Look at how large it is, Mike, you think that guy cares about Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: It's literally its legs are like 10 feet.
Mike: Yeah, perfect. It came right to me.
Tim Sackton: That ends its turn seeker. One is up.
isaac: Great. Okay, it's time for the march of the machines. Actually, I guess I have to take my real turn.
isaac: Boo!
Tim Sackton: You can.
isaac: Alright!
Tim Sackton: Their turn first.st If you want.
isaac: Okay, I will. They're gonna go fight the mirror
isaac: charge. They're probably both gonna die. I still can't move the ladder.
isaac: Run at the leer, the mirror.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
isaac: To the lightning.
Tim Sackton: They both take 55 points of lightning damage.
isaac: The latter is alive, the other one's not, but the latter is alive.
David S. Kong: Wait. But what are you doing.
Tim Sackton: Stop.
David S. Kong: We're trying to destroy the mirror.
Tim Sackton: The latter rushes in.
Tim Sackton: The latter has always felt some jealousy for mirrors.
isaac: Ladder has 5 hit points, though, so it's not going to live much longer.
Mike: Maybe it could. Maybe it maybe it
isaac: Maybe it'll succeed in its mission.
David S. Kong: Ladder ladder ladder ladder better?
David S. Kong: I don't know.
David S. Kong: I know.
isaac: I'm gonna.
David S. Kong: Can I, Bardic?
David S. Kong: We inspire the latter.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can.
Mike: But only if it misses well.
Tim Sackton: No, no, just so it has.
Tim Sackton: That's out.
Mike: Sure. Sure. Sure. Yeah.
isaac: Yeah, that's not how bardic inspiration works.
Mike: Yeah, it is.
isaac: Really, you can do it as a reaction.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: We at 1 point during the playtest it had a reaction, and we sort of just went with it.
isaac: Oh, great! I love that for you.
isaac: Okay.
Mike: Far back.
isaac: Yeah, yeah, we'll we'll see. So it gets one attack. Okay?
isaac: Yup, great. That's a 15.
David S. Kong: Inspire.
isaac: Well, let's see if it hits.
Tim Sackton: Now a 1515 hits.
isaac: Duh. Okay? So honestly, it does more damage if I vertically inspire it right?
isaac: Like, it's gonna not do anything. It's gonna do like 5.
Tim Sackton: Well, no, the Bardic inspiration does thunder damage so.
isaac: Oh, well, yeah, that's probably not that useful. Then. Okay, I guess I'll roll damage. It's a it's a d 10 plus proficiency bonus.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
isaac: Yeah. Okay. Great.
isaac: This is gonna be big. Just you watch.
Mike: Where's my detail? Okay?
isaac: I rolled a 4. So 9 damage does that break the mirror?
Mike: Proficiency plus 6.
isaac: Oh, right! Ton damage! Holy.
Tim Sackton: A few.
isaac: Damage, break the mirror.
Tim Sackton: Few cracks appear on.
isaac: E.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
isaac: A few cracks doesn't sound.
isaac: Doesn't sound like breaking the mirror.
Tim Sackton: But the lightning
Tim Sackton: The lightning has has not stopped.
isaac: Okay. So for my action as seeker, I'm gonna cast catapult and throw a rock at the mirror
isaac: just 1st level catapult.
isaac: No, maybe Second Level, Second Level, Catapult.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Well, damage.
isaac: It just fails to save, because it's an object.
Tim Sackton: Yup, you can definitely shoot a catapult at it.
isaac: I'm throwing rocks.
isaac: That's gonna be.
David S. Kong: A catapult.
isaac: 20 damage!
David S. Kong: Rock.
Mike: Okay? Who's next?
Tim Sackton: Next is the apprentice, and then dealt with.
isaac: Does rock help pointing damage.
Tim Sackton: Land.
Tim Sackton: and there's a fake and the lightning. The the ladder sees a big crack form down the center of the
Tim Sackton: mirror, but it is not broken yet.
isaac: -Oh!
isaac: Well, the ladder's gonna die, but it did its it, you know it did 10 damage. That was big.
isaac: Alright. That's that's my turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, this I'm tempted to stay awake until the latter, passing on from this world.
isaac: Well, it's going to die immediately, because it's surrounded by lightning. And the last time the lightning did 55 damage, it is at 5 hit points, so I don't see it surviving much longer.
Tim Sackton: The apprentice is going to run.
Tim Sackton: Believe in the letter. Okay?
Tim Sackton: Then dash to reach this giant that ends it.
isaac: Okay.
David S. Kong: Great.
isaac: Right.
David S. Kong: Ladder, ladder.
Tim Sackton: Darworth has.
David S. Kong: At earth.
Mike: Okay, that in my, let's see.
David S. Kong: Kenzo spends his turn chanting ladder. No.
Mike: Yeah, hold on where my cells. I just gotta see something for this. Oh, why catch your animal.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Attacks on the apprentice Dash, should there have been.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo gets an opportunity. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Are you?
isaac: It move past the ladder.
Mike: He used his reaction. So does the ladder get an opportunity attack.
isaac: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: A lot inside the lightning. It's heavily obscured. You can't see anything but.
isaac: The latter doesn't see any. Anyway, it's a ladder.
Tim Sackton: Okay, fine. The latter can get.
isaac: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Ladder. Ladder. Okay.
isaac: Roll the 21 to hit.
David S. Kong: Okay, that hits.
isaac: 12 damage.
isaac: Get them.
David S. Kong: Ladder's the best of us.
Tim Sackton: What's Dalitz going to do?
Mike: Should I try.
David S. Kong: Like the ladder the crown. Did we talk about this.
Tim Sackton: We could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Talk, to, you talk.
David S. Kong: About this.
isaac: So what happens when the ladder gets destroyed? Do you guys just buy a new ladder or something.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Heroically. Just died, I think, 3 times, many times, be it.
isaac: Just like you buy a new seeker every time Seeker dies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike: You guys think I should go after the apprentice and try and stop him from animating the giant.
isaac: I only have 1 3rd level spell slot, so I can dispel one giant, but not 2.
Mike: I mean, I can also dispel.
isaac: That's true.
Mike: I have 2 5th level spell slots.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Do you.
isaac: I'm saving all my high, level slots.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Enable you to prevent him from activating the giant.
Mike: I'd have to kill him, which would be tough.
isaac: I think you should just kill the I think, the sorcerer. I feel like there's.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I agree.
Mike: Yeah, we can.
isaac: To.
Mike: All right.
isaac: I mean, like, maybe, like, yeah, no, I think killing sorcerers. Maybe more important.
isaac: like, I think we can deal with a giant, a giant. If we need to.
Mike: I'll move this here.
isaac: We can. Also, we can try and free the other guy.
Mike: He has to take a the sorcerer deck safe.
Tim Sackton: 17.
Mike: 1820. So that's that's a good roll. 9 and 9 is 18, and another 9 is 27, and a 3 is 30 damage.
Mike: and then I will use my bonus action to
Mike: Oh, I just gotta double check that. I can move it as free. But yeah, I'll use my bonus action to
Mike: hunters. Curse this guy, and then I will attack him.
Mike: The top number one. We don't have. Wait. Do I have disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
isaac: Yeah, we haven't quite broken. The latter's working on it.
Mike: Does a 20 hit.
Tim Sackton: 20 hits! Yep!
Mike: Okay, so that is 7 plus 11 is 18.
Mike: I'm gonna smite him.
Tim Sackton: Don't bother.
David S. Kong: He's almost dead dude.
Mike: He's almost that fine. I won't smite him.
Tim Sackton: 18 is enough to kill him.
Mike: Yeah, he's that.
Tim Sackton: Dead, and as he dies he slumps down, and he says Drookmar won't let you escape.
isaac: No, we're not going to let Drukmar escape.
Mike: You've gotten that backwards.
David S. Kong: Zing!
isaac: Can still cast my most power.
isaac: 40 spell.
Tim Sackton: Animal shapes is a really useful.
Mike: It's a really good spell, but so I.
Tim Sackton: Primarily, not in combat.
Mike: I moved 10 feet.
Mike: Yay, I'll move my hunter. I'll move my hunter's curse to this guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Because why not?
Mike: But I can't attack him so
Mike: I could move a few feet towards him. I'll move 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Kenza's up. Anybody to help the ladder with the mirror, or just let the ladder.
isaac: Don't run into the lightning. Anybody who doesn't have ranged attack shouldn't attack the mirror.
Mike: Oh, well, it doesn't matter is this guy? It doesn't matter. He's dead, anyway.
David S. Kong: Did I shoot some fireballs into the into the mirror?
Mike: No, you, Firewall is probably not going to damage it.
Mike: You should try to kill the stone giant before he.
isaac: He summons.
Tim Sackton: You only.
isaac: Guy.
Tim Sackton: You've got 55 feet of movement because you have minus 10 movement.
David S. Kong: That's fine. I can still get there.
isaac: Just.
Mike: Excellent.
Mike: I don't know. 55 can get there.
David S. Kong: I got that I get that.
Mike: You might have to go through the lightning, though.
Tim Sackton: I just.
isaac: Know, what.
Tim Sackton: You will.
isaac: Is, conjure animals difficult, terrain, just avoid it.
Mike: Contraniable.
isaac: This is.
Mike: Never got 3.
isaac: This is the line you have.
Tim Sackton: No, it's the problem is the problem is the lightning you have to pass within 5 feet of the lightning.
isaac: Is this within 5 feet of the lightning?
isaac: Yeah, I guess there's a point along the line,
Tim Sackton: So, maybe.
isaac: It might be worth.
Tim Sackton: The bullet and run into the lightning.
isaac: Yeah. Either just bite the bullet and break, try and break the mirror. This turn or that would also save the ladder.
isaac: which is a pro.
David S. Kong: Fuck it, I'll.
David S. Kong: It's what it's like. 55 damage! I can take 50.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Alright, I'll run. I'll run in there and try to break a freaking nerd.
isaac: My! My Golem couldn't take 55 damage. Its Max, HP. Was 55.
Tim Sackton: The mirror you take 55 points of lightning damage.
David S. Kong: No saves.
Tim Sackton: No saves auto damage.
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: I attack the mirror.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: And if you get extra, if you have leftover attacks, you can still make the 30 feet to get to the giant.
David S. Kong: Tim, is this? What's the deal here? Is it a disadvantage? Straight attack.
Tim Sackton: Disadvantage.
David S. Kong: 17.
Tim Sackton: 17 hits.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo whacks at the Chee light mirror with his staff.
David S. Kong: All right. 8. Damage, 1st attack, second attack.
Tim Sackton: Crack grows bigger.
isaac: Latter did more damage than 8.th
Mike: But Kendall gets 5 attacks.
isaac: But the latter gets one attack. Have you considered that.
David S. Kong: I'm 15.
Tim Sackton: 15 just hits.
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: That does. 18.
isaac: Okay. So now you've done more damage than now. You've done twice as much as the ladder.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo brings his staff down on the crack that the ladder opened up and the catapult
Tim Sackton: split the the mirror just buckles, and then, as your staff hits it, shards of chelite spray up.
Tim Sackton: For a moment everything is silent.
Tim Sackton: and then the lightning just complete, sounds, the thunder stops, and then the lightning, like bursts out.
isaac: Oh, it's it's exploding great!
isaac: We should have anticipated this.
Tim Sackton: 30, saving, throw.
isaac: Okay. But do the people who are in the lightning already have to make a dexterity saving throw.
Tim Sackton: No, you automatically fail. The dexterity saving throw.
isaac: Oh, so you're saying the water's dead.
Tim Sackton: The latter is dead anyway.
isaac: Well, that's unfortunate.
isaac: Seeker might, you know.
Mike: Ladder ladder number 7, we should keep track, of which ladder this is.
Tim Sackton: This is only the 3rd ladder that's died.
Mike: Wow, okay, ladder.
Tim Sackton: Oh, 4, th if you count Boulder.
Mike: We definitely have to get Boulder one.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay, so Dax, saving throws. Sorry.
Mike: 20.
isaac: Seeker, got a 20.
Tim Sackton: Oh, all of you guys doing well.
isaac: Well Seeker has a good deck, save.
David S. Kong: Wait. Does does Kenzo roll deck save, or am I? I don't, because I'm I'm in the lightning.
Tim Sackton: No, you you're in the light that you fail.
David S. Kong: Take advantage.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Assassion. We only rolled a 1414 fails.
isaac: Do you have a Barnick inspiration.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I take half damage anyways, even on a failure.
Mike: Okay. Sure.
Tim Sackton: So 54 points of damage on a failure.
Tim Sackton: Success.
isaac: 20 was a success right.
Tim Sackton: Morning was a success.
isaac: Alright!
Mike: That's way.
Tim Sackton: 17 or higher as a success.
isaac: But can you?
isaac: You mark 27 damage off, seeker? I can't do it.
David S. Kong: Wait. 10. Does Tenzo take another 54 damage.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
David S. Kong: Oh, shit! I only got 5 hit points.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): No, no! Kenzo has a vision. Kenzo has a vision.
Tim Sackton: A cow.
Tim Sackton: So so you take half.
David S. Kong: Was that true? For the 1st 55.
Tim Sackton: No, the 1st was no, save, but this is a save.
Tim Sackton: So add add half back.
Mike: 20. It's okay. I could take the day.
Mike: 20 27.
Tim Sackton: 5, 27, so add back 27, comma.
David S. Kong: Okay, I got it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: The latter burst apart into heroic pieces that drift through the air.
isaac: Bye, bye, ladder.
Tim Sackton: Way the lightning and the thunder stop, and they're
Tim Sackton: like the brief wile e coyote moment when you're floating in air.
Tim Sackton: and then you begin to plummet.
isaac: Did the giant have to make a save or.
Tim Sackton: No.
isaac: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Giants are all the giants are immune to thunder and lightning.
Mike: So wait.
isaac: Oh!
Mike: Like the tower is falling.
Tim Sackton: But nothing's holding it up anymore. The lightning has stopped.
isaac: Wait. We're in the air.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
isaac: Tower. Nobody told.
isaac: Nobody told me that this this was about idea. Yes.
Mike: Kind of was a bad idea.
isaac: Nobody told me we were floating in the air. I would have maybe advised against this.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we're a hundred 50 feet up. We, we talk about.
Tim Sackton: And 50 feet up.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): It's only.
isaac: 15.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): We're going to be fine.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
isaac: True.
Tim Sackton: Who can apply has an opportunity to.
isaac: The latter could have flown so sad.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): We still incumbent.
isaac: Yeah, there's another. I mean, there's still a guy here, yeah, like, this guy's.
Tim Sackton: I mean, still alive.
Tim Sackton: Going to get.
Tim Sackton: We'll see what happens.
isaac: He's not going to survive.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
isaac: The fall, hopefully.
Mike: Good night, Eric!
isaac: Doesn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mistake.
isaac: Does Kenzo have more attacks?
isaac: Yeah, cancel.
David S. Kong: Can get to this guy and keep attacking.
isaac: Or he only used 25 feet of movement to get here.
David S. Kong: And this gets 30.
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
isaac: He could he could. You can get to this guy and keep attacking him if you want.
Mike: Do it.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, as the tower falls, Kenzo rushes out.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Now no longer lightning.
isaac: Might as well, you know.
isaac: I mean.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Let Kenzo do Kenzo.
isaac: Yeah.
David S. Kong: All right. Are these just straight, straight attacks now, or is it.
Tim Sackton: No no more thunder!
David S. Kong: I mean.
Tim Sackton: The tower is beginning to tip.
David S. Kong: That's fine. That doesn't mind.
David S. Kong: 27 hits that does 15 damage.
David S. Kong: Second, unarmed. Strike, 30 hits. That does 6 damage last unarmed. Strike
David S. Kong: 22 hits, and that does 11.
Tim Sackton: So as you begin to fall, what's everybody doing.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to run over to the chained up. Guy, use the chime of opening to free him, and then
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Say loudly, somebody else take care of making sure he doesn't squish on the way down, and
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): run up network.
Tim Sackton: There's no windows.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I mean back up, up.
Tim Sackton: Back. Up. Okay.
Mike: So
Mike: Actually hold on! Let me see here 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you're going to be able to get out before you hit the.
isaac: Dimension dooring to the ground. Help? Or would that just still make me hit the ground like, how does how.
Tim Sackton: Wouldn't hit the ground if you dimensioned her to the ground.
Mike: Out so you can. You can save yourself.
isaac: Well, I kind of want to. I could also run. We can save multiple people.
Mike: Well, I can cast, fly.
isaac: Right.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 270 in a turn. I think I'm going to be Ok.
Mike: But to cast fly I need to be within 30 feet.
isaac: You can fly this guy, I can say myself, seeker can save himself.
Tim Sackton: Fly is of mixed benefit, because there's no windows.
Mike: But can't you just.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Doesn't the top floor cover.
Tim Sackton: You can hover, but the the top floor has been.
isaac: So fly up.
Tim Sackton: You that are going to fall on your heads
Tim Sackton: when the tower hits the ground.
isaac: But just fly up. Isn't the fly speed 60 feet.
Mike: Yeah.
isaac: If you dash, you can fly up, probably all 3 sets of stairs in one turn.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): And then go up the windows at the top.
Tim Sackton: No, no extra dimensional. These are 50 foot stairs, 50 foot floors.
isaac: Oh, so 2 sets of stairs in one sitting.
Mike: Just dimension door.
Mike: I get to.
isaac: How many people can demand, is it? It's only 2 people.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Board Prisoner.
Mike: It's only I can't. It has to be within 5 feet.
isaac: Get all 4 of us out pretty easily.
isaac: but we want to take the prisoner with us.
isaac: I mean, we have like theoretically like, do we each have more than one turn or just one turn? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Just basically have one turn each.
isaac: I mean, so you can't really run over. Have you already moved.
Mike: No, no, I already did.
Mike: Oh, I could! I could run over. I could get to him because I can.
isaac: Who is who said that they were okay, just falling.
Mike: Tense.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
isaac: Okay, so I can teleport Welby down.
isaac: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And those can be potentially trapped in rubble.
isaac: Well, Kenzo will be fine, Kenzo said. It.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no!
Tim Sackton: Be fine!
David S. Kong: Matter. It's okay.
David S. Kong: Cancel is gonna be an astral astral plane.
Mike: I will dash as I will move.
Mike: I will then use my action to dash, and then I will use sorcery points to quicken Dimension door
Mike: and Dimension door out.
isaac: With the with the prisoner.
Mike: With the prisoner.
isaac: And I will just step 5 feet forwards and Dimension door out with Welby.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Cool.
Tim Sackton: And Kenza will astral form and just drift.
David S. Kong: Pencil turns into pencil, turns into an astral being, and then, just like.
isaac: Have fun with that.
Tim Sackton: Actually falls through you.
David S. Kong: It literally fought Kenzo, the covers there and then everything just falls through Kenzo as he, as he, just just
David S. Kong: still very annoyed that he took damage that battle.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That is awesome.
Tim Sackton: Power.
David S. Kong: The monkey's pretty awesome.
Mike: Think we have a little bit of time before this guy appears right.
Tim Sackton: You think you have a little bit of time? Yeah.
isaac: Like an hour of time. Theoretically.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 10 min.
Mike: Don't need an hour. Prayer of healing. Yeah. Short rest.
Mike: The tower crashes.
Tim Sackton: Through Penzo, and then lands, creating this massive field of rubble.
Tim Sackton: In the middle of the pit line.
Tim Sackton: And you begin to hear this.
Tim Sackton: as you find yourselves tossed in various dimension, doored or peacefully and calmly floating.
Tim Sackton: Tossed on the rim. Sort of on the side of this of this pit. Online
Tim Sackton: chaos erupts around you as this very deep, low rumbling begins to boom.
Tim Sackton: shake the ground a little bit.
isaac: So is that the guy.
Mike: Yes, yeah. I'm going to cast prayer of healing.
isaac: What does that do?
Mike: Gives you a short rest like like actually just straight up, straight up at rest.
isaac: Great does that reset temporary hit points or no.
Mike: Now.
Tim Sackton: Nope, only long rest.
isaac: So what do I get back on short rest? I don't know. I'll just let D go and figure it out, I guess. Die. Can you
isaac: short rest for me.
Mike: And
Mike: I will also use my last spell slot to get back all my sorcery points for the second time today.
Mike: and then short rest. They have back all my things.
Mike: I can't really heal you, Kenzo, except you get 2D. 8 from the prayer of healing.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Doesn't? Can we spend? Oh, wait!
Tim Sackton: You can.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Only for you.
Mike: Yeah, no, no, for everybody.
Mike: Everybody. 5 creatures.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): So we can spend.
Mike: Fans head based.
David S. Kong: How many hit deaths?
Mike: Seekers.
Tim Sackton: At all.
Mike: See Chris.
isaac: Above Max, HP. So seeker is fine.
Mike: Correct.
isaac: But I am kind of running low on, I mean not low on slots. I have one slot of every level second through 8, th
isaac: who.
David S. Kong: How do I roll the dice?
Tim Sackton: Click, take short, rest.
David S. Kong: Okay.
isaac: I think I'm just going to be casting a lot of high, level psychic lances. Probably.
Tim Sackton: Cast you should cast 8th level slot is a great use for
Tim Sackton: summon construct, because it does 4 attacks.
isaac: Oh, that's probably that's that makes sense.
David S. Kong: Yay back to back. Some hit points.
isaac: And I can 6 level this rune of well, but that this rune of curiosity seems kind of good.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that also can be good.
isaac: But that's also concentration.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
isaac: We'll see.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if a lot of high level, it's sometimes not great.
isaac: That's true, because.
Tim Sackton: Because they're immune to charm.
isaac: Because it's it's kind of saber suck also, even if they aren't.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, no, that's fair.
isaac: All those. All those hit him with an 8th level. I can bring my guy back.
isaac: I mean 8th level construct spirit is actually kind of scary. They have a 21 A/C.
Mike: Yeah, because their A/C is 13 plus spell level.
isaac: Their saving throws don't seem to get any better, though.
Mike: Are we trying to fly to kill this guy? Is that the plan.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
isaac: I don't know.
Mike: Do we have time to do? We have a round before he appears.
Tim Sackton: You probably have around.
isaac: Why do we think beating up his feet is not going to be effective.
Tim Sackton: You can see him beginning to climb out of the
Tim Sackton: out of the rubble. And actually, you can see the giants are like scattering. There's the giant that you rescued the prisoner. Like looks at you kind of in shock.
Tim Sackton: Run, run! What are you doing? Fools!
Mike: Our destiny is a different direction.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Besides, he's not as big as I expected.
Mike: Now.
David S. Kong: In soul, site.
Tim Sackton: I mean he's he's 40 feet across, but he's 70 feet tall.
Mike: I assume he's larger than huge.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, he's larger than Gargantuan.
isaac: Well, Gargantua doesn't a real defined size.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
isaac: Is just big after a huge. It kind of breaks down.
Tim Sackton: Yes, the R. 23.
isaac: Great.
Tim Sackton: Resistant to cold fire, lightning, immune to acid, immune to charmed, frightened, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, or restrained.
Tim Sackton: Good at?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's not.
Tim Sackton: He's bad at. He's moderately bad at charisma.
isaac: Great, moderately bad at charisma.
Tim Sackton: All right.
isaac: Yeah, that's what we love to hear.
Tim Sackton: Cost.
isaac: Not really a save that he's bad at.
David S. Kong: What about Con?
Tim Sackton: It's probably is his best.
David S. Kong: Or pond. Is this best.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
isaac: All right.
Mike: I mean, maybe we don't bother with Fly.
isaac: Though, is your character token, Sorin Markov.
Tim Sackton: Can you.
Mike: What?
Tim Sackton: It is.
isaac: Wait. Actually, it is.
Tim Sackton: Might just grab some random image off the Internet.
Mike: Yeah.
isaac: A magic card. That's that looks like a magic card that I? Yeah, that's actually Sorin Markov.
Mike: I don't know who that is.
isaac: It's a.
Tim Sackton: The magic card.
isaac: Here. I'm texting this to you.
Mike: Because fly maybe isn't as good a use of spell slots as
Mike: just smiting him over and over again.
isaac: Yes, you should just smite him.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): We don't have like. Nobody has haste right.
Tim Sackton: Young.
Mike: I really want a way to get advantage on attacks.
isaac: I texted you too.
Tim Sackton: Level up 3 times.
Mike: What good would that do me.
Tim Sackton: You take foresight with your.
Mike: Out with my level.
Tim Sackton: With your level. 9 invocation. You constantly have advantage on everything.
Mike: Oh, yeah, look at that.
isaac: That's soar. And mark.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
isaac: You could have target opponents, life, total.
Tim Sackton: Merging with the earth as he emerges from the rubble
Tim Sackton: his crown of stone and chalite merged into his head
Tim Sackton: as he begins to claw his way forward, looking down at you, Tiny, compared to him.
Tim Sackton: You will pay.
Tim Sackton: Looking around, beginning to step out.
isaac: Me where they're.
Tim Sackton: Fully emerged. You basically maybe have a round. If there's anything you want to do.
isaac: Where's Welby? Oh, he's all the way over there.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, I'm flying. I'm up 120.
isaac: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Mike: What I'll be is gonna that's that's reasonable. I mean.
isaac: Yeah. Welby can do whatever Welby wants. I mean, I'll just summon the construct. Now, I guess if I have a round 8th level 8th level summon constructs.
Tim Sackton: And.
isaac: Oh, that's a good question. I don't think it really matters actually, though my.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry.
isaac: Didn't get any value last time.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): The other thing, Tim, I'm doing on the way up is dropping the Triceratops and activating it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: Stone for sure. Stone.
David S. Kong: What's my martial arts side.
Tim Sackton: It's like what you roll for damage. It's a d 12 or d. 10, whatever it is. It's.
isaac: Probably A. D. 12.
Tim Sackton: D-twel, yeah, yeah, okay, Triceratops, do I have a triceratops? I don't have a triceratops token.
isaac: Oh, I can also, I can bartically inspire somebody.
Mike: I take a bardic, and I'm.
isaac: Yeah, I'll give you a bernick.
Mike: I am going to use one spell slot to cast bot of moonlight.
isaac: Do you have?
isaac: Actually, never mind.
isaac: So yeah, you have Mardic inspiration. Dalla.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, we should have re-upped bardic inspiration for all of us before.
isaac: Yeah.
Mike: Get them back in a short.
isaac: Can't.
Mike: Them all. You got them all back.
isaac: Yeah, yeah, but it's only lasts an hour. So.
Mike: After the prayer of healing you re-upped Bardek to everybody.
isaac: But it's a bonus action, right? So like we didn't have time.
isaac: No great.
Tim Sackton: You can, you can give out one.
Tim Sackton: When were you giving it out?
isaac: Well, I had 3. We could have given up before the prayer feeling, I guess I.
Tim Sackton: Give out. You can give out 3 before the prayer of healing and one after.
Tim Sackton: Okay, not for everybody.
isaac: Yeah, everybody is vertically inspired, and I still have 4 left.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
isaac: All right.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: All right, Tim. I'll activate Lengau's claw and.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: And or a focus on the dude.
David S. Kong: I haven't done this before getting this extra
David S. Kong: each level of damage as a natural being dinner excited.
David S. Kong: Let's fight this guy.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, we'll use this. It's not perfect, but we'll use this as the triceratone.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yay triceratops.
isaac: Where did we get a triceratops.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): A figurine of wondrous power.
isaac: Oh, dope!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Control yeah.
Tim Sackton: Role Initiative.
isaac: Okay. Great.
David S. Kong: 28.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 17.
isaac: Normal 8.
Mike: 9.
isaac: Can you use initiative as an ability check? Can you use Vardic inspiration on initiative or no, because it's not failed.
Tim Sackton: No, because it's not failed.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. What did what was Welby? 17.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 17.
Tim Sackton: And Kenza was.
David S. Kong: 28.
Tim Sackton: Anybody want to. Kenzel or Welby want to swap with anybody.
David S. Kong: Think Kevin wants to go first.st
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Hot.
David S. Kong: Hands up!
Tim Sackton: Now moved, I would say, up to the side here, as he's.
Mike: You.
Tim Sackton: Beginning to step up.
Mike: Welby and Kenzo might swap, so Kenzo gets advantage. If Welby hits sure all that out.
isaac: Welby wants someone within 5 feet. Now.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): The I mean, the fight's gonna last more than a round.
Mike: Yeah, that's yeah.
isaac: Yeah, leave. I think leave comes up.
Mike: Yeah, leave? It. Leave it. Leave it. Yeah.
David S. Kong: All right. Kenzo is gonna engage and as an astral being. Tim, I'm aura focusing on this dude. So I get.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: That's it.
David S. Kong: I got a bunch of extra damage now, so
isaac: Nice.
David S. Kong: Oh, lengels! I get the extra d 6 damage also with the staff, or only with unarmed strike.
Tim Sackton: Lega's claw is only on armed strikes. You're probably better off, just only making unarmed strike.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I will. I will do that. Actually, I'm gonna do 5 unarmed strikes. So the 1st one, these are just straight, right? No advantage, no, nothing, no.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just straight.
David S. Kong: Alright! I missed the 1st 1 20.
Tim Sackton: 20 hits.
David S. Kong: Tim, I'm gonna try to do a
David S. Kong: yeah. Let's do a let's do a disrupting strike. So DC, 18, prisma saving growth.
Tim Sackton: He's immune to charm and frightened so that won't affect him.
David S. Kong: But no, that's a disrupting. This is a disrupting strike. It's not. Oh, yeah, I see. Okay, okay, all right. Fuck it.
David S. Kong: man. I can't do any of my special ones.
Tim Sackton: He's not immune to stun. If you want to.
David S. Kong: Why not?
Tim Sackton: So strong on a key.
David S. Kong: Let's see, let's see, it doesn't.
isaac: Might as well, you know.
David S. Kong: That'd be a great, great way to start.
Tim Sackton: I mean he only has a plus 14. So.
David S. Kong: 1, 2, or 3 baby.
Tim Sackton: That he rolled a 5 plus 4.
Tim Sackton: So that's a 19.
David S. Kong: All right. But that 1st attack does, or the second attack does. Let me tell you how much damage?
David S. Kong: Okay, so does 17 but then I'm gonna then I add a a d. 6,
David S. Kong: adds a 6, and then I do another d 12.
David S. Kong: That does another additional 12. So that's all on attack.
David S. Kong: Alright. So now, my 3rd unarmed strike of 5, 24 hits
David S. Kong: that's a 14 plus 18 total, my 4th unarmed strike
David S. Kong: 17.
Tim Sackton: 17 misses.
David S. Kong: Last unarmed strike
David S. Kong: 29 hits, and that does 11 plus.
David S. Kong: So that's just 13 damage.
Tim Sackton: So as Kenzo lunges forward, striking.
Tim Sackton: he's I mean. This this pit is
Tim Sackton: is about a hundred feet deep, and he's about halfway up it. So you're like hitting, you know, somewhere around his torso. He's like just climbing slowly out of the pit.
Tim Sackton: Turns, and he looks at you as Kenzo's turn ends
Tim Sackton: and he just takes this massive crystal club
Tim Sackton: in one hand like Chalite spikes. It's like, I don't know, 25 feet long.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy!
Tim Sackton: And he takes a swipe at you.
Tim Sackton: That's 32 to hit.
isaac: To.
Tim Sackton: And you take 35 points of bludgeoning damage.
David S. Kong: Okay, let me try to deflect this. So
David S. Kong: 35. 0, I can't. I can't deflect it.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Canada.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can reduce it.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll reduce it. I'll reduce it.
David S. Kong: Hold on.
David S. Kong: So I reduce it. 31 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And then the club, the chain light on the club flares and you have to make a constitution saving throw.
David S. Kong: What's what's my bastion thing I have advantage on. Con saves. Now.
Tim Sackton: No, not.
Mike: Call on strength.
Tim Sackton: And Charisma.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You're decent at con. Saves.
isaac: And you have vertical inspiration.
David S. Kong: Yeah, 15.
Tim Sackton: That fails!
David S. Kong: I'll bartically inspire d. 12.
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: 18.
Tim Sackton: Fails.
Tim Sackton: Shucks! You take
Tim Sackton: 1617, 23 points of radiant damage, and you are blinded until the start of his next turn.
isaac: But you get 11 temporary hit points.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Until the start of of his next turn.
Tim Sackton: Of his next turn. Yep.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That's good news, though.
David S. Kong: I'm immune to being blunt, aren't I?
Tim Sackton: No!
Tim Sackton: Are you.
David S. Kong: Hold on. Well, I'm an astral being. Let's see.
David S. Kong: Alright! Let's move on, Pastor.
Tim Sackton: Barriers, but it doesn't make you immune to blind.
David S. Kong: Okay, alright. So how much damage was that? Again, Tim.
Tim Sackton: An act 23.
Tim Sackton: But you can.
isaac: Just mark down 12, because you have. You got 11 temporary HP. When you use the.
Tim Sackton: From the Farnek, so.
isaac: Just take 12.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Add back 11 and then, since you're blind
Tim Sackton: and he has advantage on you now, he's gonna just reach with his fist
Tim Sackton: and make 2 punches punching attacks against you that hits that hits so that.
isaac: Seems bad.
Tim Sackton: Another.
Mike: Wait, is it? This is his turn. This isn't some white.
Tim Sackton: This is his turn. Yeah.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): No longer blinded, then.
Mike: None at all.
Tim Sackton: No, no.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh!
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh! And.
isaac: Was his 1st attack.
Tim Sackton: Next to.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry.
isaac: It was less.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Secondary, action, awesome.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: No, no, I did, too.
isaac: This guy doesn't have legendary actions.
Mike: How do you know.
Tim Sackton: That's 14.
isaac: Dad actually asked me for help with this dungeon. So.
Tim Sackton: 29 and 31. So that's 50.
Mike: Yikes.
Tim Sackton: 60 additional points of force, damage.
Mike: Are you still up, Kenza.
David S. Kong: Yeah, can you?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Uncanny Dodge's reaction to he already did.
Tim Sackton: You already did.
isaac: Yeah, you already did.
Mike: Only use one reaction.
isaac: What health are you at.
David S. Kong: 66.
isaac: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Man.
Mike: Oh, because the aid is still up, the aid doesn't go away in a short rest.
Tim Sackton: What it? What were its M. 2.
isaac: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Use a bonus action to point around. Seeker and spikes grow.
Tim Sackton: Hey, Ned?
Tim Sackton: Crystal spikes grow in a 20 foot square.
Tim Sackton: Right there.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. That's 10.
David S. Kong: And if you for every hold, okay, I was looking for this whole thing. Sorry about this dev
David S. Kong: discipline survivor. Whenever you fail a savings roll. You can expend one focus point to reroll it.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's true.
David S. Kong: And you must use the and you must. I was looking for this. I knew I had a thing about saving throws. Okay, so I'm gonna reroll my.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead!
David S. Kong: Sorry about that.
David S. Kong: I was looking for that this whole time. I was like I knew I had a thing about this. See if this actually will work.
David S. Kong: Hell, yeah, 25. I'm not.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I am not.
Tim Sackton: Should happen.
Tim Sackton: The damage.
David S. Kong: Jesus Christ. Aha!
isaac: So then you will still have 11 temporary fee.
isaac: right? Cause you wouldn't have used it.
Mike: Can't you just get your 20? How much damage was? It was 20.
isaac: Oh, that's true. Yeah. He still got it.
Mike: Back because he got.
Tim Sackton: It was 22 points of radiant damage. So just add 22 back, and you're not blinded, but Seeker is surrounded by spikes for every
Tim Sackton: any movement within these spikes is going to cause damage, and that ends his turn. Welby's up.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Welby is is the Triceratops going on? My turn also.
Tim Sackton: Try. Siretops is going on your turn. Yeah.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, the Triceratops is going to charge.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. He's also gonna move. Sorry. Let me move him.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): He's going to continue climbing out of the pit.
Tim Sackton: To about there.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, away from the Tricerat! I know he's afraid of that Triceratops. I mean you would be. It's.
Tim Sackton: He wants to push Kenzo into the pet.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Shoot alright! Well, the Triceratops, I think, just has to dash.
Tim Sackton: Well, okay, be careful. That's a 150 foot drop. There.
Tim Sackton: You're standing right on the edge of a giant cliff.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): All right. The Triceratops will go around and good blocking him from leaving.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): It's a real defensive action on the part of the Triceratops.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): In the meantime, though, Welby's gonna use the the arrow of seeking
Mike: Where's the edge of the cliff, Tim?
Tim Sackton: It's like just one square south of where you are.
Mike: So like is this is that in the cliff.
Tim Sackton: That's that's probably safe ground. Actually, if you, it's it's the dark part. It's where it's dark. Okay, that's the edge.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I'm not.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): So that's the cliff. Yeah, yeah.
Mike: Like? Does that.
Tim Sackton: Go!
Mike: Safe.
Tim Sackton: That's not clear. That's safe.
isaac: Sorry. What is this blue box.
Mike: So I could make. But can I attack him from there?
Tim Sackton: You could.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Are you? I mean, if he pushes you, you have a high chance of falling backwards.
Tim Sackton: But yes, you can attack them from there.
Mike: Yeah. But if I don't, I'm not. Gonna I can't, actually.
Mike: because I can't attack him from there.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: That's the only place I can get to.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): All right, so we'll be shooting with the arrow of seeking.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): So it is a 44.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that is.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I want to take the last 3 dice and do blinding.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): So that's going to be minus 13. So 36 piercing damage and a DC. 19 deck save.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Deck safe.
Tim Sackton: As your arrow strikes. He's completely not looking forward, and your perfectly arrow flies perfectly true and strikes him just.
Tim Sackton: and the top of his head.
Tim Sackton: and he like shakes his eyes.
Tim Sackton: and then takes a deep breath in the crystals around, seek or dissolve as he
Tim Sackton: absorbs a bunch of Chalite energy and shakes off the effect of your blinding arrow. How much was the damage.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 36, and then second attack is just a regular attack that's actually 18
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): with the scare arrow does 18 hit.
Tim Sackton: 18 does not hit.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. And then I'm gonna move up and closer.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Tim Sackton: And that ends up these certain dealt with us up.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then seekers next.
Mike: I think I'm just going to live dangerously, because that's the only way I can hit him this time. I have advantage on attacks. This turn right.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: All right. I'm gonna curse them with hex blades. Curse 1st attack.
Mike: Something very high and
Mike: is, that's 13 plus for 17 plus 11.
Tim Sackton: 17 plus 11 damage.
Mike: 27. Yeah.
Mike: Second attack.
Mike: Another big number, but
Mike: 20 over. I assume he had. His. A/C is something under 20. I don't need to do math if it's way over 20.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, if you're over 20, you don't have to do math.
Mike: That is.
isaac: But if you're at 20.
Mike: 29 damage.
Mike: 3rd attack.
Mike: I will smite him on the 3rd attack.
Mike: So that's just too many days.
Tim Sackton: Schwartz, how far away from him as well be.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): A 150 feet up from the ground.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): meaning not the bottom of the pit, but like.
Tim Sackton: But the level ground. Yeah.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Sea level. Yeah.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): And then I'm.
Tim Sackton: Like 30 feet away.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I very much was trying to calculate that to be out of the reach of his club, even with an extended arm.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So he took 55. So that was about a hundred 2 damage total, a little more than
Mike: 55 for that over the whole.
Tim Sackton: 65 for the last one. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, I've been tracking them as they go. Okay. So with the last smite.
Tim Sackton: he like shakes briefly, and then
Tim Sackton: the crystals all around his body flare into blazing light.
Tim Sackton: Everybody has to make a constitution saving throw
Tim Sackton: within a hundred 20 feet, though right.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah of him. Yeah, I'm sure.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: so you're blinded.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I'll use my bardic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Darwest, blinded.
Tim Sackton: Wowbi is still blinded.
David S. Kong: 25.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Do you roll those twice on saves, or just once.
Tim Sackton: No, that's only skills. Kenzo is not blinded.
isaac: And we are.
Mike: Have heroic inspiration because of the fake short rest. There's no reason you can't give out
Mike: my ability on prayer feeling right? It's a.
Tim Sackton: Let's say short rest.
Mike: Yeah. It says, short rest.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Then you can all have regular.
Mike: All right. I'm gonna try that save again.
isaac: So you could go to 20.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is blinded.
isaac: With a 20.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
isaac: Okay? Well, I'll roll a d. 12. Surely that'll help.
Tim Sackton: Wait? How.
isaac: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Are you willing to do 12?
isaac: Part of inspiration.
Tim Sackton: You can't.
isaac: Oh, really! Oh, then I can regain the use of artic inspiration because I didn't need to.
isaac: Dj.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Use it in the last fight, though. Did you have it left over.
isaac: But we short rested. It returned a short rest.
isaac: I used to wear them.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
isaac: Everybody started the saving throw with Marty inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Well be dealt with and seeker. All take 19 points of radiant damage and are blinded. Until the end of his next turn. Kenzo is already blinded.
David S. Kong: No, I'm not blind.
Tim Sackton: That.
isaac: The construct is also blinded.
Tim Sackton: You've made yourself.
isaac: The construct sucks.
Tim Sackton: Slide.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, triceratomes.
Mike: I am resistant to radiant damage. By the way.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you take half of the.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: 19.
Mike: I still haven't used up my 5 10 pinpoints.
isaac: This is really unfortunate.
isaac: I rolled a I rolled 2 with my advantage on con saves. I rolled 2 2 fives, so the.
Tim Sackton: And.
isaac: Concentration.
Tim Sackton: Use your heroic inspiration.
isaac: Oh, right? Yeah. Okay. It was another 5.
Tim Sackton: Construct is gone.
isaac: It was 3 fives. So that's unfortunate.
isaac: Minus 1 8th level swell slot.
Mike: That's really rough.
Tim Sackton: And it's just about now. Seeker's turn.
isaac: Great.
isaac: I'll cast summon constructs with a 7th level. No, maybe not.
isaac: But honestly, maybe, though.
Tim Sackton: Still, good.
isaac: Well, okay, no. I'm going to 7th level. Ralph. Psychic Lance, this guy because I know his name.
isaac: It's drigamga bugger.
Tim Sackton: Rayo.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: 7th level roll from psychic lance roll a save.
isaac: It's intelligence.
Tim Sackton: Int.
isaac: Yeah.
isaac: Probably just gonna burn a leg res.
isaac: I'll do some damage.
isaac: Psychic wasn't 1 of the things he was resistant to right. I wasn't.
Tim Sackton: Nope! His!
Tim Sackton: He does burn another legendary resistance. His chelate club.
Tim Sackton: the radiance on the Che Lake Club dims.
isaac: 10, as he tries.
Tim Sackton: Our Chalite power.
isaac: Okay. So he only takes 15.
isaac: That was already halved.
Tim Sackton: And that ends seeker's turn.
isaac: Does that? Who doesn't have bardic inspiration?
isaac: Who used theirs.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I can use more.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Inspire Welby.
isaac: Can. I think it's only 120 feet.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, I'll be too far away.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
isaac: Did dealt with, dealt with, or can still use theirs.
Mike: I used heroic.
isaac: Did kensa use verdict.
Mike: No, I don't think so.
isaac: All right. I'll inspire the Triceratops.
Tim Sackton: Bye, guys, Kenza's up.
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: Kenzo will back with this.
isaac: By the way, Dad, did you mark off the 19 damage.
Tim Sackton: Oh no!
isaac: Cause I can't.
Tim Sackton: You know.
isaac: Seekers out of temporary hit points.
Tim Sackton: Sorry hit points.
David S. Kong: Tim, this is I've got advantage now, right.
Tim Sackton: From.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): We'll be.
David S. Kong: From Wally.
Tim Sackton: Oh, from Welby. Yeah, yeah. That's till Welby's turn.
isaac: So it's in drill.
Tim Sackton: That's right, because isn't everyone blind? Or did Kent so Keenza is not blind. Everybody.
isaac: Okay. Great.
David S. Kong: Alright!
isaac: I believe it is.
Mike: His next term right? So he's going next.
David S. Kong: 26 hits. That does.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: What it's 26.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, go ahead.
Tim Sackton: Sorry I gotta focus on what Kendall said.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: So 12 damage plus hold on.
Tim Sackton: It's the end of your next turn.
Tim Sackton: You're blind for one round.
David S. Kong: Okay, so that's plus 9. So
David S. Kong: 21 damage on the 1st attack and bucket.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Let's go for a DC. 18 con.
David S. Kong: Constant. It's done.
David S. Kong: 1, 2, 3.
Tim Sackton: Now as a 4.
Tim Sackton: Oh, my God!
Tim Sackton: Worse!
David S. Kong: All right. 1st attack, second attack unarmed. Strike with advantage.
David S. Kong: 30 hits.
David S. Kong: That does 19 wait.
David S. Kong: Sorry that does 16 plus.
David S. Kong: That's 19 damage on the second attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: 3rd attack with advantage. Love the advantage?
David S. Kong: Oh, no. 17 that hit that misses. Huh!
Tim Sackton: That misses.
David S. Kong: All right. 4th attack.
David S. Kong: 24 hits.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: And that does 9 plus, that is 15 damage. And then last attack.
David S. Kong: Come on, give me something good.
David S. Kong: 22 hits.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: That's a good one.
Tim Sackton: So he can't. I forgot your astral form so he can't actually knock you off the cloud.
David S. Kong: No, and that does another 20 damage. The last attack.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I did a lot of damage that round. That was good.
Tim Sackton: As as Kenzo's astral form just keeps tumbling him sort of floating above the ground.
Tim Sackton: He turns and he looks bloodied and looks at you turns to Kenzo and slams angrily with his club.
Tim Sackton: which is not flaring.
Tim Sackton: So that's 25 to hit.
Mike: At Casa or Daleth.
Tim Sackton: Penz! Out!
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And that does.
Tim Sackton: 29, 39, 40, 49 points of bludgeoning damage.
David S. Kong: Damn alright, I'm gonna reduce that.
David S. Kong: I reduced that by 2949.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So you take 20 points of bludgeon damage.
David S. Kong: Come away.
David S. Kong: This is not. I'm starting to get wounded.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And then he is going to
Tim Sackton: Make another.
Tim Sackton: He's gonna make another slam attack against Kenzel.
David S. Kong: Bye.
Tim Sackton: Natural one. Kenzo dodges out of the way.
David S. Kong: Thank God!
Tim Sackton: And then he is going to turn.
Tim Sackton: And actually, no, he gets one more slime attack that hits that is going to be.
Mike: You? Okay, there, quetzo.
David S. Kong: We'll see.
Tim Sackton: 1016, 26 points of force, damage.
David S. Kong: Right? Okay.
Mike: What do you ask?
Tim Sackton: He's going to reach out with his hand.
Tim Sackton: which now is starting to glow as he reaches out and grasps at Kenzo.
David S. Kong: But.
Tim Sackton: Make a dexterity, saving, throw.
isaac: You have product, inspiration.
David S. Kong: I get advantage on this, though. Right bastion.
Tim Sackton: Strength, and charisma.
David S. Kong: It doesn't matter. 26.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So evasion you dodge out of the way of his grasp.
Tim Sackton: And now he's a little worried.
Tim Sackton: He's gonna move.
David S. Kong: By the way, I am basically fucking fighting this dude. I've done a lot of damage to this guy. I think the whole thing that we were saying before, where Kenzo sneaks into the cave.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Fights one on one.
David S. Kong: I'm basically fighting with.
Mike: Running away.
Tim Sackton: Just repositioning.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, Tristra, opportunity attacks too many attacks. Yeah.
isaac: Remember the true stereotypes is Gardic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Isn't triceratops blinded.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Triceratops is blinded.
Tim Sackton: No, you can't take opportunity. You can't, not if you can't take opportunity attacks against creatures you can't see.
isaac: Oh, shucks! Well, the Cerratops is partic inspiration, just, you know, when he needs it.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo can take a opportunity, attack.
David S. Kong: I will be there.
Tim Sackton: You used your reaction. Nobody can take opportunity attacks.
David S. Kong: Oh, I I didn't use my ad.
isaac: Sad.
Tim Sackton: And that's going to end his turn.
isaac: To, the.
Tim Sackton: Welby is up. Welby, you are blind until the end of your turn.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): When is oh, at the end of my turn?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): No, that makes things more challenging.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, I'll take steady aim to cancel the disadvantage. And just you're not.
Tim Sackton: You won't get sneak attacks because.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, there's no way to get snooptack.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can always just hold an action.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Tell me how that works?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, sure, wait.
Tim Sackton: You.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): My turn ends, but I hold my action until someone.
Tim Sackton: He's like.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Back in mainland.
Tim Sackton: Use your reaction later on to make an attack when somebody is within range.
isaac: Would you get sick? Attack of that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. You still get sneak, attack off it.
isaac: All right. Well, I'm planning on summoning a construct right next to him on my turn.
isaac: and I'm sure other people are planning on, moving closer.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Sure I'll that would work.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I'm unblinded like. Can that be the trigger.
Tim Sackton: Well, you probably want the trigger to be when an ally, when you can see an ally next to him which implies both unblinded, and
Tim Sackton: you are now unblinded because your turn ends dealt with is up, dealt with, is blinded.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Triceratops is up, actually.
Tim Sackton: Our triceratops is up. Yeah.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Triceratops once again bravely charges forward, dashing.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): unable to actually make an attack. But back in melee, and I can see him.
Mike: It should.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): There's an ally.
Mike: That's true.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, no, that's fine. It's just
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Making my time.
Mike: Oh, no, it doesn't get core attacks against this guy. It's too big. Never mind.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I think I forgot to use vex on my second attack in the last round.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): So I'm not sure how to handle. That at this point is that I might just.
Tim Sackton: You're straight.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Zach, or.
Tim Sackton: Did you hit last? Did you hit on your last turn?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I hit with the 1st attack. I missed with the second attack, but I didn't use vex on that second attack.
Tim Sackton: Should have.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Advantage on the second attack, but I didn't take it. I didn't realize
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just just roll with the damage.
Tim Sackton: Not that you needed the advantage.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That was a natural 20
isaac: Why are rogues so good at critting.
Mike: This is the 1st time in a long time.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): 5.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Session? Yeah.
Mike: It's pretty good.
isaac: Didn't you quit like earlier this session.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
isaac: So it's not not that long time.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Months.
Tim Sackton: At the end of at the end of Welby's term he will use his second villain action, and
Tim Sackton: the earth around him begins to shake, and boulders begin to fly in all directions, rushing towards him, accreting onto him. Everybody
Tim Sackton: within 60 feet. So I think not.
isaac: Not, seeker.
Tim Sackton: Not seeker everybody else.
Tim Sackton: Make a dexterity, saving throw.
isaac: And I think Welby's probably too high up right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, Wabi is, too, but too high up.
Mike: 20 20 fails!
Mike: 30 days.
Tim Sackton: Aids.
Mike: I have a bar deck which I will use.
Mike: Does 21 succeed.
Tim Sackton: 21 does not succeed.
isaac: That's unfortunate.
Mike: I will use my my, I will use my if I fail. A save yeah
Mike: from my does 25 succeed.
Tim Sackton: 2516,
isaac: And you get 11 temporary hit points.
isaac: Oh, if you want.
Mike: Better than my 5, I'll replace.
Mike: Great be fine!
Tim Sackton: 10, sorry! 1012, 13, so.
isaac: Would the Triceratops roll.
Tim Sackton: 30. Okay,
Tim Sackton: 30. Bludgeoning reduced to 15. If you make the save or 0, if you have evasion, and as the boulders
Tim Sackton: a clump around him.
Mike: He heals.
David S. Kong: That's like.
isaac: Good.
Tim Sackton: Not to full.
isaac: Well, I okay, I could have guessed that.
Tim Sackton: And that now brings up Dallas. Turn.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Sorry anybody fail their save.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): The Triceratops did.
Tim Sackton: They're just.
isaac: Did it use its Spardic inspiration.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): No, it rolled a 10, even with a 12.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's not going to make a 22. It's not. It's also knocked prone by the boulders.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Mike: Okay, doeth is gonna use
Mike: bad less restoration to unblind.
Mike: Okay, although I know it's the end of my turn. But and then 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. I think that's right.
Mike: I think I moved one too many.
Mike: Yeah. And then outrage blast.
Mike: I do not have advantage right? There's nothing that would give me advantage.
Tim Sackton: You don't have advantage.
Mike: But no disadvantage, because what does a 17 misses right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: 22 hits.
isaac: Has he used one or 2 legendary resistances.
Tim Sackton: This is 2.
Mike: That's sort of crap. I only I rolled a 1 a. 14, but that
Mike: is high 20. So 2 hits.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So that's 12, plus 1224 to inch.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends Dawa's turn seeker is up.
isaac: I'm gonna 6.
isaac: I'm going to have 6 level summon constructs.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: Right next to him.
Tim Sackton: Which one.
isaac: Stone again
isaac: and then I will. It'll make 3 attacks.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
isaac: 1st attack, 20, something.
Tim Sackton: That it's.
isaac: With. It's gonna be 1017. Damage
isaac: attack is a 26 9 damage or no. 12. Damage. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: And then 3rd attack is a 11. So
isaac: it's a Nat. Sorry a 12. It's a Nat. One.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Seeker is no longer blinded.
isaac: Sorry, and I should Barnacle inspire
isaac: anyone. Anyone need a bardic inspiration.
Mike: I could use one.
Tim Sackton: Start with you all right. Deal with. Gets the bread inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is up.
David S. Kong: I should have moved last time. I don't know why, on the map I'm so far away from him.
Mike: He ran away from you.
Tim Sackton: To.
David S. Kong: He ran 60 feet away from you.
David S. Kong: Okay, alright. Well, I will get back up next to him over here.
Mike: Try and leave. Yeah, that's I was. Gonna say, try and leave that spot for me.
David S. Kong: So here's the thing. I've got 42 hit points. If he does another like focus on me and try to kick my ass again.
David S. Kong: I think I might. I might go unconscious. I'm thinking about attacking twice, and then disengage dodging.
David S. Kong: What do you think.
Tim Sackton: Well, you don't have any moves so disengages pointless. But you could definitely dodge.
Mike: Yeah. Dodge, I think that's.
Tim Sackton: You can dodge and attack 3 times because you can. Action dodge, and then bonus action flurry.
Mike: Perfect. I will do that.
Mike: Oh, and I can heal you on my next turn.
isaac: I mean, I have a feeling word.
David S. Kong: Well, actually when I when I so if I do patient defense
David S. Kong: oh, but that's as a bonus action, I guess that kills you.
Tim Sackton: That gives you temporary hip blades.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: That's probably worth it.
Tim Sackton: That's you got one less attack, but the temporary hit points are pretty useful.
David S. Kong: And and that also gives me a disengage and a dodge.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, disengage isn't going to do any good, because.
David S. Kong: But I get the.
Tim Sackton: Reaches like 30 feet.
David S. Kong: I get the dodge and the temporary hit point. So I'm gonna do that I'm gonna attack twice.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I've never done this before.
isaac: Only 2 attacks.
isaac: Wow.
David S. Kong: But I get it out.
Tim Sackton: Sad.
David S. Kong: Or no.
Tim Sackton: No! You don't have a vantage.
David S. Kong: All right. 20.
isaac: That's like less than like a level one. Flurry of blows.
David S. Kong: Okay, that's 12 plus role.
Tim Sackton: D. 6, and your d. 12.
David S. Kong: 2012, 6, plus 8, 14, 20 damage! That's nice. So that's 20 damage on one attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: And then my second attack.
Tim Sackton: He's looking pretty rough, you can see bits are starting to flake off his body, as every one of Kenzo's hits, just like reverberates up this 70 foot tall, massive, giant.
David S. Kong: 27 hits, and I do another
David S. Kong: do another 20 damage. I've done like like I've done like almost 150 at least like I've done quite a bit of damage. This dude.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you and well, Welby crit, everybody's done, I mean, deal with. Have the smite that ends your turn.
David S. Kong: But I get now 2, all right. I'm going to roll some.
Tim Sackton: 12 temporary dodge just means he has disadvantage on attacks against you.
David S. Kong: All right. 11 more hit points.
Tim Sackton: So he's gonna let's see about that. Nope, swing with a fist
Tim Sackton: that's a 21 to hit.
David S. Kong: It? Who.
Tim Sackton: You.
David S. Kong: Damn it.
Mike: He's only ever attacked Kenza. This is rough.
David S. Kong: I know.
Mike: I'm trying to like. Get him to attack me.
David S. Kong: That's right. I like this one on one.
isaac: I think you should attack the tricep. Wait that at the start of a turn he needs to make a wisdom save because of the stone thing.
David S. Kong: That's that's with his disadvantage, Tim.
Tim Sackton: That was with disadvantage 20.
isaac: On the wisdom save.
David S. Kong: Finally, finally, oh, yeah, actually, I automatically can deflect.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna I'm gonna throw throw the ship back at him.
Tim Sackton: 20 was the wisdom. Save I haven't rolled damage yet. It's gonna.
David S. Kong: Oh, no. 2020 is my. My A/C. Is 20, I mean he hits or.
Mike: No, you have 21.
Tim Sackton: 21 he hit you.
David S. Kong: Damn it.
isaac: This is unrelated, so the 20 succeeds. Just continue.
Tim Sackton: 14 he rolled really bad for damage.
David S. Kong: We like that.
Tim Sackton: 19 plus 9 is 20, a 28.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
isaac: She has more than 20 as promised.
David S. Kong: Hold on, I have a chance to deflect this hold on!
David S. Kong: No! Oh, wait! Can I borrow to conspiration this.
Tim Sackton: No, you can't.
Mike: Can harrow.
Tim Sackton: You can. Heroic inspiration.
David S. Kong: Okay, I'll do that.
David S. Kong: Everyone laughed. I think I didn't use any.
Tim Sackton: We haven't used it yet.
David S. Kong: Okay, so let me do that again.
Mike: God damn it!
Tim Sackton: Out!
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: Okay, well, I do. I reduce it.
Tim Sackton: 10, you take 10 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Wait. No, no, no, it's 1 d. 10 plus 22. So I reduce.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah. So you take. So you take 5 points of damage.
David S. Kong: All right. Damn it, I wanted to right back at him. Hello.
Tim Sackton: Next slam fist attack.
Tim Sackton: That's another 21 to hit.
David S. Kong: Damn it.
David S. Kong: That is.
Tim Sackton: They're another 23 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Dude. Why is this disadvantage not helping me at all?
isaac: Cause. He is like probably like a plus.
Tim Sackton: He has a plus 6.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, something like that.
Tim Sackton: It saved you a credit.
David S. Kong: Okay. I'll take it.
Tim Sackton: He rolled a 20 and a 6.
Tim Sackton: So that's pretty good, because that would have been 8 d. 12 damage.
David S. Kong: Yikes that would have killed me.
David S. Kong: This this may still kill me. I have 25 hit points left.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm sorry. This is 40 points of damage.
David S. Kong: All right. Kenza was unconscious.
Tim Sackton: As Kenza drops unconscious.
Tim Sackton: make a make a well, it doesn't matter how. It doesn't matter if you're blinded because you're unconscious, so there's no reason to make a save.
David S. Kong: And then.
David S. Kong: I'm proud of myself, though.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And then he! He now also summons chelate crystals.
isaac: -Oh.
David S. Kong: I'm Kenzo's definitely earning this this fucking plaque.
Tim Sackton: In that square.
David S. Kong: Pardon, though.
Tim Sackton: As he looks down at Kenzo.
isaac: He's just gonna murder you or.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: No, he's out of. He's done. His turn's done. He can't murder you this turn.
isaac: I thought was that was like a he looks down at Kenzo and uses his 4 extra attacks.
Tim Sackton: He's gonna like, Swat you off the edge or something. But people get to do stuff.
Tim Sackton: I'll be sad.
Mike: Is this difficult terrain, or just damage from moving.
Tim Sackton: Just damage, removing oh, and difficult terrain! Yes, damage removing and difficult terrain.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): All right.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): First.st This damp triceratops is going to make its 1st attack of the entire combat.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Here we go.
isaac: Believe in it.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Plus 9.
isaac: And has bardic inspiration.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah, yeah, it's almost certainly gonna need it. Wait. Does 22 hit.
Tim Sackton: 22 hits.
isaac: Holy.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, Triceratops goes for the Gore with its horns! 48 plus 6. Oh.
isaac: Poke the rock.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): And does 28 damage. That's a solid hit. Tricera.
Tim Sackton: Wow! Good!
isaac: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Ceratops.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): No, okay, that's the Triceratops.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): First.st
isaac: Great.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That's can't wait. Does a 20 hit.
Tim Sackton: When he is his A/C. That hits.
David S. Kong: Awesome.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Because the scare error is an extra.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Wow.
David S. Kong: Which is this guy.
Tim Sackton: He's he's I mean. He's well past bloody, like bits of rocks are flaking off of him. He's shaking and looking pretty mad.
isaac: Going to explode when he dies.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That'd be amazing. There's 37 for the 1st one. Here's the second attack without sneak attack.
Tim Sackton: That happens.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): That's just 8.
Tim Sackton: Are you tracking all these? Are you subtracting all these errors you're using?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): I got so many of them.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That ends Wabi's turn.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Probably.
Tim Sackton: Good time to use it.
David S. Kong: Well, I mean.
Tim Sackton: Before Darwyth goes.
Tim Sackton: He like looks up, and he's going to shake his head, and he's going to say.
Tim Sackton: and this loud, booming voice, as he, as he stretches out, and, like you can see the like. His body is like only barely held together. There's like lightning flickering inside. You can see massive pieces of this chelate rock have flaked off of him.
Tim Sackton: and he's like pulsing and angry and breathing out, and there's a blast of lightning
Tim Sackton: that shoots out in all directions from him.
Tim Sackton: everybody within a hundred 50 feet, which is everybody, make a dexterity, saving, throw.
isaac: Great
isaac: 17 I'm assuming isn't enough.
Tim Sackton: 17 is not enough.
isaac: Oh, no. Sorry. 25, no. 2323.
Tim Sackton: 23 is not enough.
isaac: 24, 0, 23 is
isaac: 23 fails. That's really that's not great.
isaac: The construct fails because it literally can't succeed.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm!
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): My ceratopes, too.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Absorb elements.
Mike: I assume it's image.
Tim Sackton: That's lightning damage!
Tim Sackton: Doubt it. Well be dodges out of the way.
isaac: Great good for well-being.
Tim Sackton: Everybody else take 75 points of lightning damage except dealt with, who is resistant and takes half.
isaac: Okay, well, the construct's dead, but this time at least, it got to attack. So you know, whatever.
Tim Sackton: So.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Passing a spell again, triceratome in its dying moment, shrinks back down to a little stone.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Kenzo's.
Tim Sackton: Body is racked by lightning.
isaac: Anybody else that way, or is he just gonna die?
David S. Kong: I'm not gonna die.
isaac: Okay. I believe you.
Tim Sackton: Long last wish nobody dies, nobody actually dies.
isaac: But what if seeker dies? Then you guys are in real trouble.
Tim Sackton: You? Yes, because without seeker and riswin, it becomes quite a trick.
David S. Kong: No, no.
isaac: Seekers at like 8 80, something.
Tim Sackton: Seeker did seeker.
isaac: I don't know. You have to take the 75 damage for me, because I can't.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: But it's like 80 something it's not. It's not low.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. It went.
isaac: And he's also.
Tim Sackton: Construct, died or not, because constantly no way to succeed on a concentration save.
isaac: Well, if I had succeeded the Save with my 23, and then.
Mike: I mean, I rolled at 18 on my concentration safe. But it's a tough concentration safe. I had to look up the rules to see if I passed.
Tim Sackton: What are you concentrating on.
Mike: Lots of moonlight.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Mike: But that's only melee attacks, and I've barely got it a chance to melee attack him.
David S. Kong: You just bonus action, dimension, dirt.
Mike: I'm going to, but then I can't heal Kenzo. But that's okay. Seeker will take care of Kenzo right.
isaac: Sure.
Mike: It's my turn.
Tim Sackton: It's your turn.
Mike: All right. I am going to bonus Action Dimension door that
Mike: I'll go and and seeker you. You got Kenzo, I can. I could leave Kenzo to.
isaac: Let me, can I walk close enough to be within 60 feet? I can't. Right? Yeah, I can. Okay. I got Kenzel. Yeah.
Mike: Alright! I'll go right there.
Mike: First.st Attack hits.
Mike: Oh, but if I don't have any slots left, so I can't.
Mike: Is he immune to lightning damage?
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Go bearing.
Mike: So the extra I mean, not that the extra one d. 6 was really going to be that much, but
Mike: okay, 25. Damage on the first.st
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Second attack.
Tim Sackton: Other as Dawa strikes at him another giant piece of like his leg cracks, and he.
Mike: Do I still have a bardic? I still have a barnetic right. You just gave me one.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
isaac: Yeah, it does.
Mike: I 15 I'd have to roll higher than a 5.
Mike: I'm going to Bart a 25.
Tim Sackton: 20 hits.
Mike: No, no, no! I rolled a 3.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike: I have a plus 11, so I'd have to roll a 6 or higher 50 50.
Mike: I think it's worth it.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
isaac: Yeah, go for it.
Tim Sackton: Badly, badly wounded.
Mike: I know I'd like to kill him right now, so that he doesn't. Well, on Kenzo 9. That hit that does it? Do I do extra damage.
Tim Sackton: No, because it's thunder damage. So he's immune to that, too.
isaac: But theoretically you would.
Mike: So that's another 21.
Tim Sackton: He steps back, dropping down on one knee.
Mike: The last 10.
Tim Sackton: 4 hit, points, now.
Mike: Well, I hit on the last one. I did 37 damage.
isaac: Flow, in your.
Tim Sackton: That was your 3rd attack.
Mike: 3, rd attack. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: Doesn't have 4 hit points left anymore.
isaac: Good job. Sorin Markov.
Tim Sackton: Head points left anymore.
Tim Sackton: He begins to crumble.
Tim Sackton: Giant chalite rocks begin to fall down.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with, and Kenzo. But Kenzo fails. Make a dexterity, saving throw.
isaac: -Oh!
isaac: Sounds like Kenza's dead.
Mike: Now he's only felt one death safe.
isaac: No, he's failed, too. Right? Cause? Oh, no, cause it wasn't a time.
Tim Sackton: Run.
isaac: Okay, yeah, he's fine.
isaac: That'll be fine.
isaac: I think my turn's before yours also.
Mike: 17.
Tim Sackton: Tim, should I be rolling any death saves I advantage on them.
Tim Sackton: You haven't. You haven't gotten to your turn yet.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Can 2224 points of bludgeoning damage as rocks collapse around you, half burying you in rubble.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Mike: He's dying.
Tim Sackton: He's dead. I get 19. I get 19. Hit points back.
Tim Sackton: This is all difficult terrain from the rubble of his death
Tim Sackton: that ends. Taoist term Kenzo is half buried in rubble, no longer astral.
isaac: Whose turn is it?
Tim Sackton: It's yours.
isaac: Okay, so I can just like.
Mike: You can just rent.
isaac: Best healing word.
isaac: Yeah, okay, I can even action. Dash if I need to. But I don't. So 1, 2, 3, 4,
isaac: yeah, 60 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
isaac: I'll cast 5th level healing word. No, I'll cast 1st level healing word.
isaac: I've
isaac: so that's some of them. I mean, it's it's enough at points that you're not not unconscious necessarily. All that.
Mike: But yes.
isaac: Oh, Max rolls 13 holy, crazy.
Tim Sackton: So as Kenzo Kenzo's eyes blink open, you see
Tim Sackton: just this massive pile of rubble around you.
David S. Kong: From the collapsed giant, Hi, Astro! Play in Astral B, and get myself out of the rubble.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, Dao West struggles. It's going to take you
Tim Sackton: quite a lot of time to find your little Triceratops statue somewhere at the bottom of this pile of bubble.
Rev David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, looking for things.
Tim Sackton: Yes, as with the
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: With the statue collapsed, I mean, with the the tower collapsed.
Tim Sackton: This massive giant turned into rubble.
Tim Sackton: Everything! There's just finally actual silence.
Tim Sackton: As you look around. Still, you know, not past 9 in the morning
Tim Sackton: a few giants standing around, stunned ogres trapped.
Tim Sackton: the ramp destroyed, as Bruner promised.
Tim Sackton: hundreds, dozens, hundreds of ogres milling around in the pit mines, looking terrified and confused.
Tim Sackton: calm comes to the mountains, and you look across at each other.
Tim Sackton: Take a breath.
Tim Sackton: and that is where we'll end.
Tim Sackton: We'll pick up with the aftermath next time.